Intro - The History - The Time Before - The Time Not Remembered - But Slowly Remembered as We Walk through the Dream

I don't think this part will be in the book, but it's important to know where the character came from, probably.

"Oh Susan!" said Jill. "She's interested in nothing nowadays except nylons and lipstick and invitations. She always was a jolly sight too keen on growing up."
-The Last Battle


She was 12 years old when the dreams finally stopped. She had always had them, as much a part of her as her waking life. In fact, depending on the events of either life, often more so. When she was sick in one life, nothing was better than closing her eyes and escaping to play in her other one.

They would come back fifteen days after her 25th birthday. By then she'd hardly remember them, throw them off as a childhood imagination, a false world. Sometimes she'd smell something that would trigger a memory, would see the a tree that would remind her of the prayer grove, smell bread baking that would remind her of hiding in the kitchen corners. But from twelve to twenty five, all of your cells are replaced, you're an entirely different person. Who can trust the drawings that you find when you come home sometimes, crumpled into the same box as the photographs your mom has saved over the, wow, decades now.

Here's a brief picture of the things forgotten, before we get into what happened fifteen days after Fred turned 25 (and why she reacted the way that she did):

The dreams were vivid and continuous. She never understood what people were talking about when they talked about restful sea at night, when they spoke about darkness and silence. In television, she always assumed dream scenes were visions, imaginations, extensions of their wakeful selves.
She learned quickly that others did not share her dual lives. How dull it must be, she'd muse, to only have one life.
When she was younger, her parents wrote it off as a vivid imagination, an elaborate imaginary friend. Then they weren't sure what to think. Then she started keeping her adventures to herself.

Which was especially confusing, since talking about Fred as Aladia seemed totally fine. There were times of course, when manners said that she shouldn't. For example, when visitors came to the fort where she lived with her adopted family, her protectors, the people in this world who had taken her in, as they told her, when she was a baby left by the great prayer tree in the woods. They didn't pray there, of course, but a long time ago (she had heard the story many times, as though the story of her being found, the items and places and people involved, could somehow let them see backwards, further, to where she had come from.) the people (you mean elves and trolls, Marie would often spit. The others often ignored these comments.) who lived in these woods lived with the trees, talking with them, leaving them gifts, often spending time living in them. No one could be sure of course, this was all history, stories. "Could my parents still live in the tree?" Aladia would ask. And Marie would pick her up and put her on her vast lap and say "No dear, those folk are long gone. But your parents must have thought you were very special, to leave you as a gift for us."

The fortress was her playground, built for a long ago more violent and richer time, it was filled with secret tunnels and rooms, slats and hallways and long-ignored gates and empty weapon racks. Her and Lo, a bastard girl sent to live here who shared a room with Aladia, would explore ceaselessly, when they didn't have chores and study to attend to.

That part was confusing too, always having double lessons. In Aladia's world, the world was made out of three enormous dragons. In Fred's world, the world was made of gases and plates and three different kinds of rocks.

And history, well, that was absolutely impossible to focus on in school. Fred went to a private school, and the memorization of dates and names and empty events was like a two-dimensional black and white movie lecture next to the stories Marie told her and Lo at nights by the fire, or the stories Peter would bring back from his trips out to other places. They told them stories of great wars, wars that destroyed whole worlds, and stories of kings and queens of great power, who could stop rivers and empty seas and grow or destroy crops at will. Sometimes, Peter would show the his maps, drawn with great care, the edges crumbling. The thin paper so different than the plastic map of the world the teacher would sometimes pull down in Fred's classroom.


In addition to Lo, her hair always too long and getting into knots, and her freckled face staring out keenly ready to get out of whatever trouble the two of them were getting into, and Marie, with her large knuckles and lap and great hands, moving about the kitchen and the grounds, and Peter, with his musky smell and heavy beard, his wrinkled face and twinkling eyes, winking at Aladia as he told some tale, there were the others that filled up the fortress, and the color in Aladia's young life. There were the travelers, of course, many different kinds. The richer ones, the traders and their children, carrying trinkets and dressed in furs, stopping by for the night and paying to stay in their extra rooms and for warm fire, dinner and wine. They were sometimes nice and sometimes terrible, one sneaking into their room drunk and touching their faces before Lo tried to poke his eyes out and he left.
Once a queen stopped by, and the whole place stopped. Farmers from outside the gates came in and brought more food than Aladia had ever seen in this world, although the smells and excitement put Fred's memories of dry food filled supermarkets to shame. Aladia and Lo were mostly kept on the edges, sent to their room went they weren't send on conflicting errands and tasks trying to get everything ready for the day.
Then there were the locals, farmers who lived in the fields to the south and west of Fortress Malark. They were all different, from Geoffrey with his scowl and matted hair, often coming in with his cats in tow, picking up supplies and powders for his children and wife. And then others, thin and empty eyed, making Aladia think of Marie's whispers to the other women, about how this year was especially bad wasn't it, every year now. But there were others, smiling men and women with dirt on their hands, coming in, sometimes with their children in tow. The thing that always stood out to Aladia was their teeth. She'd tell Lo about Fred's world, where everyone had perfect white teeth, how everyone had all of them, and if they fell out people bought new ones and kept them in jars of water.
Lo loved to hear the stories of Fred's world, would sit at attention while Aladia acted out whatever absurdity had happened in Fred's live that day, from a teacher falling over to an interaction with a cashier woman at a mall with Fred's mom - "Oh, but what do you mean 5 business days, the mall is open every day." was one interaction that Lo and Aladia both found absurd and hilarious, Fred's mother being upset that her package hadn't come in yet. In the dirt, Aladia would draw out for Lo maps of places, Fred's school and town, the malls her mom took her to. She acted out the sitcoms and soap operas her mom watched on tv, explaining the bizarre sicknesses and dramas, the houses they all lived in and the places where there was always enough food and glasses of something called beer, and people worried over loves and jobs, things that seemed so strange in the walls of Fortress Malark, where people worried about rain and disease and children and god. They would make up games, putting the people around them in the roles of soap opera characters, making them fall in love and then fall apart, have breakdowns, die and come back with new personalities and clothes from Fred's world.

Now the actual place, well, that was something too. The old gates,


A young friend didn't have many friends back in her world. Unlike the world of Fort Malark, where Aladia knew nearly everyone, knew the paths around and into the trees, knew the crannies and secret pathways and tunnels and where nearly everyone would be at nearly all times of the day, the other world, Fred's world, was chaotic and huge. Her parents, like all the parents in their California suburb, had decided for her that Fred would play sports and do things. These sports and things, which included at different points, debate club, girl scouts, various forms of volunteering including event organization and trash pickup, ultimate frisbee, soccer, tennis, swimming, cross country, track, and art classes, filled her life with a chaos utterly different than Aladia's calm curious childhood. While Aladia struggled, giggling with Lo, at needlepoint for hours at a time before spending hours more climbing battlements and watching clouds, all things that slowed her heart and mind, Fred would struggle to understand where she should be on the soccer field while a dread filled her heart as she considered her chemistry and geometry homework that night. She was always dreamy during these tasks, always falling behind. But it was never really her call, she reliquished control to her mother as she drove her from thing to thing, place to place, looking forward to the moments where she could crawl into bed and slip gratefully into Aladia's quiet life, where problems were real problems and learning would be reading and smelling old books with maps and pictures of knights and dragons with Peter, who had just come back from his most recent excursion.

Her parents worried about her in an abstract way. Why was she so dreamy, why wasn't she better at things. Was it them? Of course, her parents mostly being her mother, her father was away at work. Work being vague. He did something where he had a big glass office and a secretary who bought her gifts at Briantmas, and had to be on planes about half the year. But the consensus was mostly that she'd probably grow out of it, children will be children, and if she wasn't as good as the other students at sports or most subjects or doing things, well, all there was to do was keep doing things until she improved. Sometimes Fred would hear her mother chittering about college, calling her over and pointing out schools, mentioning off-handedly that in just a year and half her classes were going to start counting, that the colleges would be watching. She'd touch Fred on the shoulder and mention that she had gone to Georgetown on a soccer scholarship, before she met Fred's father. Sometimes she'd recount the stories, the trips abroad, the early morning practices, the friends.

Fred's early social life was also under constant critique.
She was too dreamy, too distracted. She hardly remembered this in her later years, but before she got pulled out, the private school that her mom had meticulously chosen for her and made sure that she got into by the right events and money in the right hands had been full of kids who left gum in her hair and laughed at her and her clothes and things that she didn't even understand.
Thankfully, starting in third grade, she got moved to public school and things got better. Still not great, at least based on the looks her parents gave each other when they thought she wasn't looking, but at least every day as Fred wasn't a struggle to wake up and pull herself through as though through up a great mountain anymore.
One memory, in particular, stood out to her. One terrible day, still at the private school, wishing she was anywhere else, putting her head on the desk and accidentally drifting off into sleep, woke up at into a night as Aladia. She saw Lo, sitting by the window, staring out at the long since lowered forever and rusted bridge outside. She looked over as Aladia opened her eyes.
"You usually sleep through the night," her eyes were much darker than usual, than what Aladia remembered.
"Yeah, I guess I'm just restless tonight," she blinked her eyes, trying to reconcile the fact that she had gone in a matter of moments from a cursive class to a this dark room in Fortress Malark. The room was much colder than her classroom, and she struggled to feel awake in this dark chilly cold room, where she usually spent her days free from the structure and confusion of Fred's life.
Lo looked so sad. Aladia struggled to stand up, but felt groggy, as if in a dream and unable to control her limbs. Was this a dream, was she confusing her lives? She awkwardly moved her arm to pull off the suddenly too warm blanket, before she was jolted awake back as Fred, to a teacher staring at her and a class snickering.

The rest of the time was okay, for the most part. If Fred was being honest, most of it, later, became a blur. The adventures she'd have as Aladia, and the days learning and playing as Fred. The cat Aladia snuck into Fortress Malark, and the caterpillars Fred brought back to her grandparents house. It was a childhood. And as much as she later tried to hang onto it, it snuck by and turned to vapor, as helpless and happenstance before Fred's eyes as the air that came in and out of her lungs. Effortless, impossible, and completely out of her control.



The day the dreams stopped, well, it was hard for a while. One day, when Fred went to sleep, there was no Aladia. The day after, she woke up as Fred, without anything in between, and was groggy, as though waking up from a nightmare where all your teeth had fallen out and finding them still secure in your gums. Where was Aladia? She struggled to remember what had happened, in Aladia's day before, had anything been out of the ordinary? A fear entered her gut, as solid as a stone. Could something have happened to her? Was the other half of her soul, her life, was it in danger? Was it already hurt? Was it already too late? She sat on the cool floor of her bedroom and breathed deeply, made herself breathe. What had happened the day before?

She wove back, slowly, back to 48 hours ago in Fred's world's time. What had been going on last night? She tried to remember, it was just a day, wasn't it? How would you feel if someone asked you to pull out something important from Wednesday last week? There was her, she had some extra chores that day because, because, she thought hard, there was a visitor, wasn't there? A visitor like the queen had been, that one time, that exciting exciting time. And Marie had been putting together a feast, how had she not remembered! There were pheasants and great big yams and potatoes cooked through, covered in oil from the fish and oysters in the lakes surrounding them. There were great loaves of bread, covered in sauces and cheese, heavy and moist, what was Fred's life in the shadow of Aladia's!

She gnawed on these memories, on the feast, on the fear of what she could have lost. She had no memories of the last time she had woken up without trading hands with Aladia, couldn't even imagine it. That was the essence of her life, as real as waking up to her parents being alive, their house being upright, gravity still holding her onto the surface of the earth.

What had happened, why were they cooking such a feast? There was a holiday, wasn't there? Some holiday they didn't usually celebrate (not that they celebrated many, it was hard to rally people who often didn't have enough to eat, who worried about their children starving, when there often wasn't a spring, wasn't a way or time when it was over), but one that was new and also very old, one that was expected now that something was happening, something was deciding that all these pieces couldn't be apart anymore. It was bigger than Fort Malark, sure, but what was outside of Fort Malar Aladia only had the vaguest understanding of. Old dangers and new richess, trees and oceans and pirates and towns with green cobblestones and great inns. But now there was something, some decision made, that all of them should be more connection, that Fortress Malark should become part of some greater thing. Marie would mutter under her breath that they paid their fair share of the tithe, now wasn't that enough to make them happy. It was never clear who they were, or what the tithe was for. When Marie and the farmers exchanged words in fear, leaving great amounts of crops and such small amounts of gold on carts to be taken away, what monsters were they feeding?

All these memories. The threads creating patterns where she didn't bother to think through them more than some interested curiosity before. Was something wrong, was something brewing that would hurt Aladia?

Fred calmed herself down. All the hazy memories and playing and life brought to one sharp point on the end of a knife. Why hadn't she paid more attention!

There had been men, in the fort. How had she not remembered this sooner, there were never people who visited the fort, so rarely, not this many, never this many. They had appeared with great fanfare, some of the children from the stables (always empty, those stables, without events like these), and taking their great many horses into the stables to fill with life. There was a great carriage filled with an old man and three beautiful women. Aladia and Lo watched it all from the ramparts, sneaking their heads below whenever it seemed like anyone was looking up at them.

"Who do you think that one is, what do you think she did on the way here, where did she come from?" Lo and Fred whispered to each other, examining and sharing the details of their finery, their gloves, the lace on their dresses and their hair! Their long hair, curled up around their ears and gathered on the top of their head with great reds and oranges and yellows, they were like fire! And yet so delicate, hardly wanting to step on the muds around the old battered fort, looking older as they tried to see through their eyes, with fake memories of crystal castles and diamond oceans.

They all filed into the fortress, the fourth floor wing, never used, had been dusted off the week before by Aladia and Lo and some of the farm children called in for the occassion. They dusted and swept the rooms until they were spotless, opened windows to let daylight in for the first time in years (decades? in some cases), and brought blankets downstairs to wash the musk from and dry out the damp from.

Later that day, as Marie stressed downstairs, flittering from one dish to another, one idea to another, one worry to another.

When it was time for the feast, when the men on horses had washed themselves off from the dust of their travels, and the woman had changed into other, finer, warmer dresses, Aladia watched from the corners of the room as they piled in one after the other, filling up the unused great hall for the first time in her life.

"Who are these people?" She had asked, pulling on Marie's skirts, getting shushed aside.

The entire hall was filled with raucus men, having their beers filled with rushing children and eating courses with gusto, laughing and pushing at each other. She heard their hearty voices, they were different than anything she had every known, anything that had filled the large high-windowed room that she had often explored, small, pretending she was on another world, before.

The three women sat in the front. One of them, she saw now as she came up to refill their drinks, was blind. Her eyes hung in front of her, white like milk or raw dough, staring out emptily, her head moving back and forth slowly like a cow. Her sisters (for this was what Aladia had decided they were to each other), fawned over her, making sure her food was alright, pressing her hair and her arms.

Aladia kept wandering around the hall, drunk off the smells and sounds, the music that had started to play and the fire and bodies that filled the room with warmth so rarely felt up here, so often she woke with frost on her nose, and here was the opposite, these people with their songs and their warmth, as though they had carried the very weather up with them from the southern castles and provinces and parties and oceans.

She eventually found her way outside to the cool air, and felt her blood resettle, felt normalcy return. Where was anyone, had the whole world been taken over by these people, these travelers?

She found that her eyes were heavy. Where was Lo, where was the small boy from the farm two miles or so away, one of the closer ones, who she would so often see walking the trails to and around the fortress. He had been inside passing out dishes, hadn't he? Had she imagined him. She closed her eyes for a moment and a moment again before deciding it was time to head to bed, consequences be damned, no one would notice her missing anyway.

She began her journey back, humming a tune that one of the minstrels inside had been bellowing out to anyone who was listening, strumming lightly on his stringed instrument as though to provide a counterpoint to his overwhelming vocals. As she hummed to herself and moved rocks in front of her with her shuffling toes, the moon became brighter and brigher above her head.

"Girl," she heard the hiss before she saw the hand. "Where are you going, girl?"
Girl was drawn out, a hard 'g' with a long r, followed by a winding 'l', as wet as a slightly moist bird's nest she once found rotting on the shore.

"Hello sir," she curtised, the way Marie had showed her earlier in the week. A danger sensor should have been going off in her brain, and a distraught Fred would sit on the floor of her bedroom and wonder why it hadn't, but at the time she had only felt mild curiousity. How foreign these folk were who had traveled so far, how strange. "Would you like me to show you back to the feast?"

"I've seen you girl, I know all about you," his voice had changed from being a drawn out his, before her eyes and ears he transformed. He stood up straighter, his voice became more of a drawl. What was going on, how tired was she?

"I'm sorry sir, you must have me confused." At this point, a wave of worry hit her making her head light and her stomach tie in knots, but not because of this man. Marie had made it clear that they were not meant to interact with these people, not to make any sort of impression, as it was implied, of course, that that impression would be coarse and terrible, of wild barbarian children from the north. She put her chin up, trying to be a picture of what she imagined polite southern children to be "I'll have to be going then."

He smiled, showing an open maw of mostly empty holes where, she imagined, teeth must have been, once a very long time ago. Fred, who always was sort of inside of her, sharing her days, cringed, and she told her to quiet up internally. The last thing she needed was Fred speaking up and acting rude, when Aladia was the one who would be beaten later.
"You know dear, there's been a prophecy for a long time. I've traveled a long way, following the clues that have been left." Aladia, of course, didn't know, but smiled at the man, her eyes as unsuspiciously as possible and her face purposely blank scanning the area around him for any chance of escape. "There is a prophecy, of this earth, being empty of water, great lands appearing, grand empty cities of the dead coming out of the ocean. That the very air will change, and become a place where no people can live, a place taken over by monsters that will live off our bones. It will get cold. Colder and colder, bones will freeze, nothing will grow. Your breath will freeze your lungs. Everyone will die. Everything will be gone. All will be covered in waste. Do you know this prophecy, girl? Do you know what will come to pass."

Aladia stared at him silently, no longer making any pretension that she was doing otherwise. She stopped trying to keep her face blank, felt her eyebrows crease and her mouth frown in consternation. "I don't, sir."

He squinted down at her. "I gathered as much. You know, most prophesies, there's a hope, a savior." She looked on, the entire experience surreal. She focused on his mouth, opening and closing with a sucking sound as his gums bonded together a little, wetly, each time. "There's not in this case, at least not in the documents that I've scoured, and I've scoured many many documents on the very subject. I've spoken to mages, to men of science and men of magic. I've traveled far the the east and visited the wooded islands where the old folk used to live, and talked to the blind women who live there in caves. Some people say that they're gods. I don't believe that, but I do believe they might be a conduit to them. But there are ways to speed it up, to hurry the retreat of the oceans, to hurry the changes in the air and the beasts, to make them unfit for consumption, to destroy every crop and every tool."

They watched each other in the dark, torches flickering in the distance, movement in the corner of Aladia's eyes.

"Do you know how it can be sped up, child, girl?"

Of course she didn't. Aladia had decided she had had enough. A smell had reached her from the old man, smelling of dust and rot and soured milk. She ran past him, well, not ran, Marie had made it clear that there was to be none of that during this visit, but walked briskly under his arm and through the stone hallways, up the stairs and down hallways, into abandoned cavers and under forgotten collections of tapestries. At some point, she had fallen asleep. When, Fred tried to remember two days later, when had she fallen asleep? Where had she ended up? It was in one of the rooms, wasn't it? One of the rooms above the great hall, an attic. It was warm from the same heat and fires that had made the hall such a warm den. She had crawled under an old tapestry, wondering if she would get in trouble, that she'd have to wake up and get back to her bedroom before anyone noticed she was gone. And she had drifted off to sleep, listening to the sounds merging together from below.

Fred, reaching the end of her memory, was breathing quickly. What did any of it mean? You have to calm down, she told herself. It was one night, it doesn't mean anything. Maybe her mind was playing tricks on her, maybe these memories were actually from the night before. Maybe - maybe, she told herself maybes all day at school and sang herself maybes in her head as she went through her homework and ran her way through another soccer pracitce, but that night when she went to sleep, all that happened was that she woke up and opened her eyes the next day, her stomach dropping with dread inside her, her eyes filling with tears at something lost that could never be regained.

The third day, she lay in bed for a long time. It was Saturday, there was nothing to wake up for, when her mom came in to check on her she faked an illness. Her stomach hurt, her throat hurt. What did it matter. She laid there and she breathed, and she wondered what on earth she was going to do now that part of her was dead.

But Fred kept going. And eventually, as all childhood memories do, things blurred together. And she kept going. And she moved on.



Chapter one- it begins. Or, what happens when half becomes a whole.

Fred grabbed her computer bag, grunting at the effort pulling it over her shoulder. It seemed redundant to carry a heavy laptops and heavy books, but no matter how many times she cleaned out her backpack, it soon filled up again with very important papers and binders and notebooks and sometimes crayons and food wrappers.
Fred walked past rows of empty cubicles, stopped in the small hallway kitchen to clean up some wrappers and grab a soda on her way out. She sneaks past Regina, the overly friendly office assistant, who always insists of coming in earliest and staying latest, as though time spent will somehow add importance to her life in the bubble of their office, gathering mites of seconds as recognition. Fred scoffed at herself as she slips gratefully into the stairwell, feeling the cool air already slipping in from outside. As if what she was doing was any different, hunkering down with her papers and coffee, creating and arranging and rearranging reports long after the sky had turned prematurely black.

It takes an incredible force of will not to scuttle home and hide under warm blankets. How did she forget how cold the air got, year after year, the wind snaking through streets and buildings and crushing her on its rush to get who knows where. But she also knows that going back to that apartment that she can barely afford on her own, the two rooms absurd, the bed crushing in its bigness. No matter how much she cleans, she can't get rid of the smell.

So instead, she heads the opposite way. Taking the L all the way into Brooklyn where Lisa would be waiting for her, reading her book, rolling her eyes when she sees Fred walk in, red faced from the cold, "where were you?"

She goes gratefully into the cool of the subway, long after rush hour, entire benches offer themselves to her, smooth and shining. The looks at herself in the window adjacent, while the train throws itself into the dark tunnel ahead. Her hair has grown long, more from lack of funds and effort than from any desire for long hair on Fred's part. In the six months since the breakup, she's let it grow long and wild, long past the straight shoulder bob she used to so meticulously keep. For the first time, her bangs had grown into the tangled mess of her hair, and she thought it made her forehead look big, and too pale. Her face reminded her of a hard boiled egg with the shell peeled off, as though someone could reach out with giant fingers and easily rearrange it, mushing pieces, tearing off others. She looked away, feeling vaguely nauseous.

When she finally rounded the corner to her and Lisa's favorite coffee shop, back when they had botched lived in Williamsburg, before Fred had inexplicably moved across the river, she slipped inside, the rush of warm air wrapping her, combining with the smells of coffee, chai and baking bread, making her feel sleepy and a little bit drunk. Lisa wasn't there yet, she must be working late too. Lisa worked as a junior designer at some top ad agency, a place that seemed determined to farm smart, creative, driven people, and either move them up or push them aside for the next crop to come through. Lisa assured her it was all normal, in fact, seemed to get high off of it, the deadlines and pressure and open bars and sparkly holiday parties. Fred shook her head thinking about it, at least she's happy enough.

Fred unwraps her scarf and checks her phone for any 'be there soon's, it replies with a blank screen. Not even an email, Fred thinks sleepily. It was as if the whole world had slowed, their blood freezing, the very fabric of the world frosted and stiff.

She approaches the barista, not someone she recognizes, and orders a soy chai latte in a ceramic cup with flowers on it. It comes out with a heart, the boy smiling at her around his one lip ring. She awkwardly tries to smile back, and looks away. She settles into a corner and starts sketching on a napkin. She draws the one other person in the little shop, with horns coming out around her ears and eyes big like a cat.
The door creaks open and for a moment, a burst of chill wind sneaks into the warm calm of the coffee shop. Fred stifles a groan as she sees Lisa come in trailing her waify long haired coworker Alicia. What was she thinking, and why did she ignore her so readily, so goddamn often. Fred felt a rage inside her way too strongly than made sense in the given situation, but goddamn it, they had been over this! What had she told Alicia, how awkward was this going to be? She resolved that if Lisa went as far as to leave the two of them together, she'd never speak to her again.

They walked over to her table, all smiles, and pulled up three seats at a table designed to fit two. Fred tried to smile and be friendly while simultaneously shooting eye daggers of death at Lisa. There was no way to know if it was working.

"Hey girl," Alicia sat down, bright as a crystal holding sunshine in an underground cave. What a ridiculous analogy, Fred thought to herself, followed by, I really should have just gone home.
"Hi Lisa, hi Alicia. Late night?"
"Oh, aren't all of them!" And so started the five minutes where Lisa and Alicia compare who worked more twelve hour days last week, before excusing themselves and going to order lattes at the bar.
Fred put her forehead on the cool glossy wood of the table, pretending that none of this was happening. She didn't have the energy. Maybe it's harmless, she told herself. For gods sake, pretend it's harmless, because otherwise we're not getting through this.
They came back to the table, Lisa's cup had a bouquet of yellow flowers on it, Alicia's had s picture of a cat Ina cup.
"Is that an example of meta?" She asked Fred as they sat down. Fred said she wasn't sure.
"Hmm" she turned to Lisa and they jumped into a conversation about the current project at work, the crazy client who used words like sparkle and connect with our audience and harnessing power. They giggled (when has Lisa started giggling like that) about his waistline (large) and his hair (receding).
About halfway into their coffee, Alicia twirled her hair around her finger, and turned her blue heavily mascaraed eyes to Fred.
"So how have you been," Fred imagined the you in italics, spoken with a strange kind of enthusiastic social force.
"Oh you know, working. Hanging out with my cat."
"Are you still in that same office? The one with the cubes and old Windows machines?,
"Yup, that sounds like the same place."
She could see the light flicker behind Alicia's eyes as she formulated the next question. Fred knew that she should play the game back, act interested, what was there newest project, how was her dog. But she just didn't have the energy. And every time she looked at Alicia's fucking face, all she could think about was that night after Lisa's last birthday party, Alicia coming over and laying naked in her bed, talking without looking at her, smoking a cigarette, laughing. Wasn't that fun, was she like, part of the lesbian club now. Alicia never called her back. Which would have been fine, that night made Fred slightly nauseous to even think about, only a week after m had walked out on her. What the fuck was wrong with Lisa, putting her nose and puppetry where it didn't belong.

Fred didn't remember what excuse she used to get out of that particular social situation, but she must have mumbled something, next thing she knew she was settling happily back into to l train, realizing too late that she had left her scarf at the coffee shop.



As she walked home, she looked up at the whirling snowflakes that fell down, some landing to melt on her skin, others dancing around the wind she made with her body. She breathed deeply. What a burden, to be human, to believe the things we believe, to feel all these things. And to remember! How could anyone expect consistency in others when beyond the rules that governed the chemicals around them, everything fell into such utter inconsistency.
When m and her were dating - for those three years, that felt like forever but could also feel small enough to to hold in her hand, tightly, feeling the lines and edges, here a fight, here a kiss, here when her mom got sick and m didn't go out to California with her because what would they think.
She stepped, knowing that even trying to be present was a joke, that every day would slip into another, as useless as trying to hold onto water.
She played a game that she always played when the world started spinning out of control around her. She reminded herself just how much was a mystery by starting with the space directly around her, and slowly circling outwards. The air, where had it blown in from to be so dry, what lived inside it. Her mystery beacon moved wider, down to the concrete that she didn't understand. Who had created concrete, who had mixed this batch, how long had this sidewalk been in this spot, designed in this grid, connected to all the other streets like the veins of some impossible creature. Micro, macro. Something small, fitting into something huge, both too complex to ever understand.
M used to believe that everything was possible, that each day was the start of a greater unimaginable adventure. Fred thought that might be part of what had drawn her to her in the first place. They would go on hikes together, and m would take them far off trail, looking for buried treasure.
For the first time, she had someone to talk to. When m would ask her at night, was there anything more than this, she'd reply, I think so. At least, i did when I was younger. I believed I could step into another whole world.
I think so too, she'd mumble. What was the world like? Could we go together?
M, always such an escapist.

But without her, without her arms and her dreams, did Fred still believe that there was anything more? She wasn't sure. Goddamnit, what was it about her that so desperately needed other people, that couldn't just be whole on its own.

How had she been so convinced, at her younger age, that it was so easy to slip away. She had been so absolutely confident that her imagination was as real as the mysterious vast world around her now, that a great adventure was waiting for her just as she got older, just as she got old enough.

She got back to her apartment, opened the old creaking door and slip down the yellowing marble to the grand staircase, that must have led to the second floor back when this was all one cavernous house.

What on earth's the point, she thought dully as she walked up the four flights of stairs to her apartment. The lease was up this month, but she hadn't made any plans otherwise yet. Hadn't started to move anything out, hadn't found a new place to live. She definitely couldn't stay here, the rent was absurd without m pitching in, even if she was late on rent a little under half the time.
She collapsed on the couch, expelling those thoughts from her mind. Worse case scenario she'd sell all her things and become some kind of beautiful wandering nomad fairy. She snorted. At least I think im funny.


Fred closed her eyes last night, dreaming of m and their dreams and their empty meaningless futures.

She woke up to four text messages from Lisa about the night before. 'R u mad @ me' read one particularly infuriating one. Fred shook her head, and pulled a hand through her long knotted tendrils of hair, and turned the screen of her phone. Below Lisa's emails had been announcements from work, another thing she wanted absolutely nothing to do with right now. She'd deal with work when she got to work.

She stepped gingerly on her cold hardwood floor.


She thought back, on her way to work about everything she had ever done wrong over the course of her entire life.


Time for work. Fred grabbed her computer bag on the way out, still filled with books despite her promise to herself to have cleaned it out last night, getting a little bit heavier every day. Ran out the door a bit too late, again. How can anyone have a decent quality of life if they spend every single day at least kind of in a rush?

On the train, Fred sketched flowers around a cat skull. She looked at it sideways, thinking that it was a bit morbid, she wasn't in that bad of a mood, and gave it a body and tail, and started to draw a skeleton lap that it was cuddled up on when it was her time to get off the train.

Also, she had a notebook open, and was writing a story that lives within this story about a person who is a fish. But who is the fish? Am I the fish? Are we all the fish?
Not this fish story. This fish story was about one special fish with a broken fin. Just kidding, that s finding nemo. This is about a fish who plays chess, just kidding, it's about a fish who lives in white water Rapids and feeds on unsuspecting rafters.

Fred woke up, and looked around the dark room, disoriented. Where was she? Where were her travel companions, where were the caverns? She tried not to panic, not to think she had slipped through the again, not when they had just been reaching the climax of the story and everyone needed her most to get to whatever ending this adventure was no doubt coming to.
There was a gurling, she tried to make out the shapes around her as her eyes slowly adjusted to them dim light. They were boxes, she was surrounded by clear boxes.
She walked up to one and peered in. Why, it was a tank full of small fish. And there, a larger one, with teeth.
But what is this glass box, all around her? It's smooth, like the fish tanks, but she can't see through. She can hardly make out the shape of her dis formed reflection marring the glass. Glass? Was this some kind of people tank? Glub glub goes the universe. Fin.

She shook her head, snapping herself out of the daydream. What utter nonsense, she had to get to work.

That day of work started like all of her other days at work. She walked in past the office attendant, her head down hoping that no one would notice she was fifteen minutes late again.


I think I added the start of a work scene on my computer, what a weird meta thought, Fred considered.

Anyway, she snuck in past the office assistant, whom she had a theory was homeless and actually lived at that desk.

She sat down at her desk, a mess as it always was. She had flags from places she had visited and magnets from places her coworkers had visited. She had books scattered around, some with now-notes, some with notes as old as two years ago when she had started. She shook her head, maybe if she could get enough done today would be the day that she cleaned.

Fred worked as a data analyst for an education company. It sounded more glamorous than it was, believe me, she'd tell her friends with her eyes rolled on more than one frustrated drunk night. She was essentially an assistant to a rotating cast of researcher Phds, who got paid ten times more than she did and had various levels of intensity, from dumping all of their work on Fred while they snuck out early to run to the bar or be with their kids, depending on the night, to staying until 9pm on the regular to 'get everything done', and expecting Fred to keep the same levels of effort until the report was over. Or, more likely, until that person got moved and Fred was organizing graphs for someone else.

Fred had just stumbled into the kitchen to grab the day's second cup of coffee with the vague idea that today was the day she organized her life. Her current boss was a distractable lady in her 50's who mostly talked about her children, and seemed to be able to get an extraordinary amount done without anybody noticing, and gratefully, without too much of Fred's help. The woman before had been a crazy buzz of constant energy, stopping by Fred's desk fifteen times a day with new news to report, new information that the data had given up that meant reorganizing something, or something they had missed, did you write it down for next time? Now I'm not blaming you dear. Every day Fred had left exausted. Or the guy before her, the pale one who sweat all the time and wanted to eat lunch with her. Fred cringed at the memory.

Back at her desk, Fred got her email up to get through early in the day, when she saw the star from hr. Not a yearly review, that was still four months away. Her heart beat faster, the way it always did when a cop walked by her, or how she imagined getting called into the principal's office used to feel. Ridiculous 90% of the time.

She realized, about thirty minutes later, that this was in fact the ten percent of the time that it made perfect sense for her heart to start beating faster.

She had walked downstairs to the hr office, trying to calm her absurdly nervous heart, dry her palms. What on earth was she so worried about? Then she was Linda's face, her friend from work who had started up as a researcher with her and moved down to hr when she proved terrible at every part besides managing lists in excel and talking to people.

The conversation with the hr guy assigned to her division was an absolute blur. Why had they never talked before, she and him, not even met at the coffee station. Sometimes Fred went downstairs to drink coffee. His blue shirt crinkled, unironed. Had he known this was what he'd be doing this morning, or was he as caught off guard as Fred was?



She lost a bunch of text because the writer's iPad disappeared, but hopefully the above will be filled in soon when it is re-found. Anyway, last we left off, Fred was drawing in her journal, and writing down the history of her. Y'know, how she got to where she was, and how, by all accounts, it had become such an absolute mess.

When we left off, she had just gotten through M's distancey-ness, drawn as a black circle in the middle of the page, and were back at their first road trip, before they had moved into this apartment together.



She drew back, skipping to the shining moments of their trip. She drew the tracks of the tires of the caravans that had come this way a hundred years back. She drew the fields and fields of corn they had driven through at ninety five miles an hour. Words failed her at these moments, she just wrote things like 'golden' and 'breathless' and 'love'. One night, when her and m were camping, they took oxy and laid in the grass, without a tent or anything, just a blanket under them and some sweatshirts above them. They laid there with their heads touching, and m made up stories about the stars.

Those were the moments fred has clung to, eyes red from crying, when things had gotten really bad at the end. The end, God it still hurt to say.

Further back, what had happened before. Fred had gotten her job, the job that would be so hard at first that she'd come home crying every day. The job that she stuck out and had gotten pretty damn good at before they had fired her.

Maybe it was time to take stock of her life. She had to figure out her severance package, file for unemployment.

But she inexorably got drawn back into her life story. She giggled, maybe once her life made sense she could save these pages and use them as notes for her memoir.

What was before this job? Odd jobs, internships. Her real life.




When she was done writing, she curled up into a ball, taking up as little space as possible, and went to sleep.

When she woke up, it was light out, but she didn't bother to check what time it was. She had no interest in calling anyone, or doing anything that would require knowledge of the time of day.

She looked down at the pile of papers around her, covered in scribbles and doodles. One page she had drawn a giant eyeball. She sighed, and started to get up, when she saw something that triggered a memory that she hadn't had in such a long time that she hadn't even remembered that she had ever had memories of those memories.

It was a drawing of a castle, or, not quite a castle, smaller. A fortress. With high walls and one large building stretching around the outside, nestled among a forest of great old trees. In the gate, she had drawn an elaborate 'M'. Fortress Malady, she thought. It fits, with my current situation. Me and the fortress, look at us, both completely alone. She felt a fit of sadness start to fill the emptiness she had felt since yesterday, and with it, panic. She took a deep breath, slowly, and pushed it back. A little longer, she promised herself. Although she knew that that promise was empty, meaningless. What was she waiting for? Not that it mattered, that panic would come when it would, she could only repress her feelings for so long. She repacked the bowl laying discarded next to her, and wondered if it was worth it to leave the house today.

Miraculously, she did. She threw on about twelve layers, threw her notebook in her backpack, and set off without any clear destination in mind. Outside with the cold air burning her throat, she felt refreshed, clear, alive. "Now I'm awake," she thought, hoping that moving would possibly let her avoid any feelings of hopelessness, possibly forever. Or at least until I'm dead, she thought, smiling. Oh, humor without feelings.

She wandered south, resisting the urge to buy coffee, reminding herself that the paycheck that was about to be deposited was going to be the last one for a while. Instead, she filled up her waterbottle in the sink in starbucks, when she snuck in to use the bathroom, feeling like a frugal spy of some kind.

Eventually, walking south, she ran into central park. Of course she would, she wasn't trying to avoid it. She sat down, watching the other people as they walked by. Were they also jobless humans? People with kids, certainly. But also women and men in business casual, walking slowly down the trails. She took out her sketchbook, sketched a few of them. Some strollers, some adults in furry hats with their heads down against the cold, children with mittens. When she tired of that (or, really, got too cold to continue), she packed up and continued her aimless journey.

She ended up in a part of the park where she had never been before, towards the back of the MET, that art museum that she lived so close to but hadn't visited in months and months. Maybe that's how she could spend her days off now, she thought. She could wander and wander through those rooms, getting lost in a millenia of art until she disitigrated into dust in one of the egyptian tomb rooms. Before she could get into the museum, however, or really even make a decision that she could or wanted to spend her day like that, she found herself on top of a hill, another spot she had somehow never been. On top, stood an obelisk, similar to the Washington monument, but smaller, made of rock, and covered in a kind of pattern. Fred walked up to it, and saw the insignia. "This is the oldest human-made object you've ever seen," she heard someone say behind her. She looked up at the rocks, and saw an eye staring back at her, staring on for the last 18,000 years.


-------The part in which Fred remembers the point in her job when she considered giving up, but didn't, and resents that they got rid of her regardless------

During Fred's week of alone, often overlapping depression and reflection, she constantly went back to her fourth month working. When she thought she had the hang of it, found that, of course, she didn't, and drove m crazy by coming home crazy every day.

It was right around this time that M started to get mean. Maybe that's why she was focusing on it here. Or maybe she was just coming back to it because it was the last time she had felt this sad in a long, long while.

Fred often thoughts of points of time coming together, like pinching two spots on a napkin and touching them together, the pinching catalyst being a similar moment of each. In this case, it was the empty sadness gnawing away at her day after day. But in other cases, it was a song, or smell, or caress.

Back then, she had written a goodbye letter, and considered writing another one now. She pulled the goodbye letter out of the box of things she had actually taken from work.

It wasn't goodbye to anyone in particular. More goodbye to the way things had happened, goodbye to her life, promises to change it, shape it into something new.

She read it, trembling. When was the last time she had actually been okay?

I'm saying goodbye, It started. Fred wasn't the best writer in the world, or she certainly didn't think so, but she was still able to grab onto her words and use them to reach back, to pinch the moments together and see what has changed.

It's too much, the way things have changed. Too much, and too little of it mine. Here I've chosen a few things that made sense, things I wanted, and lined them all up in a row. I found a beautiful girlfriend, and put her in spot one. And then I found a job, a job in something I studied! Or at least related to. More than I ever could have dreamed. But as I was placing that gingerly in spot two, my girlfriend had wandered out of spot one and into somewhere I couldn't see anymore.

Not to be deterred, I found a beautiful apartment. Spot number 3. Everything filled, everything perfect. The girlfriend even moved in! Maybe not spot one, maybe she had moved, but I could still see her. I could move her back.

By now, of course, there were cracks on spot 2. The job I had been so excited about, the one I had wanted so badly for so long, turned out to be a lot of paperwork in between long periods of absolutely nothing. After which, recently, it's transformed into a constant stream of fires and things going wrong and emergencies that leaves me magically with more work than I could ever imagine finishing.

And it's not fun. None of it. Somehow I was happier with all the spaces left unfilled.

What if I add more things? Will each one take more and more away from me? Will I watch the space around me get filled up while more and more of me gets chipped away?

So I'm saying goodbye. Not in any real way, but in the way that I know these things will be gone soon. I can already see it in her eyes, feel it in these walls, hear it on the sidewalk on my way to work. It sounds like a whistling, a wind over a floor of forgotten rubble.

I don't know what I'll do when they're gone. I guess I'll be starting over, finding myself without these things around me, propping me up. But there won't be anything taking me from me, either.

So goodbye. I don't know when. And I don't know, after that, when I'll see you again. Or feel like this again.

Love,

Fred


She ran her fingers along the edges of the paper. Every time she tried to write a response, what it was to have all those things gone and still not know who she was, finding that she wasn't there in the wake of those things.
But every time she stopped herself. It wasn't time yet. I mean, she hadn't quite lost the apartment yet, had she. And who knows, maybe the sembledge of her life was right under that last layer. Any maybe, maybe she wasn't quite ready to actually say goodbye yet.


--------The part in which Fred tells her parents and friends that she lost her job, and they ask her what she's doing now, and she doesn't have an answer---------

After a week of laying around, drawing, walking around the city, and watching Netflix, Fred decided on Sunday at 4:53pm that it was time to try and rejoin society.

She started by calling her parents. She usually called her mom a couple times a week, so this made sense to her as a first step to re-entering what she supposed was the real world, the one where you felt some sort of connection or participated in basic communication with other humans. Her dad she talked to far less often, but she supposed he'd want to know about this most recent mis-step of her existance on this earth.

"Well, long time no call!" Sharon, her mom, called in her clear, loud, business voice when she picked up the phone. She muttered something to someone on the other line, at work probably, Fred considered. Her mom was on California time, but would probably have been on work no matter what time Fred called. Fred often wondered if she lived there, and if it was killing her. She certainly never seemed to run low on energy.
"Hey mom," she started, unsure of what to say. She had never been fired before.
"Oh, darling, I already know," she cooed. "How are you doing?"
"You - you what?" Fred asked, jolted into reality more harshly than she had expected to be.
"Oh yes, your friend Lisa, from college? She told me on facebook. You should really call her, she's worried about you. She says you haven't been responding to her texts."
"I haven't been responding to anyone, what, how did Lisa know?"
"From your friend at work, Charlotte or something? Anyway dear, Lisa was telling me that there's an opening at her agency. Maybe it wouldn't be so bad for you to work for a well, more established company. Some place a bit more respected, hm?"
"I - I don't know what I'm doing next yet," ugh, Fred had been praciticing for hours how to break the news to her mom, it was completely frustrating to have learned that she had apparently known for days. Goddamnit, why was it so impossible to keep a secret from these people.
"You should really call Lisa, dear. And what about your other friend from college, the one that's working for that bank now? I always thought you'd do really great in finance. They always need people to do research on things."
Fred sighed, and listened to her mother quickly give instructions to someone in the background.
"Listen love, I really have to go, things are just crazy today! I'm sure you'll do what's best though. Maybe you can come home for a bit, your old room is all set up, recover for a bit from that crazy city life you've been living. It's still warm here you know, I saw online that it's hitting record lows there. Global warming I guess." She paused, more chatter in the background as she explained something about a presentation. "Well?"
"Well what?" Fred's brain felt sluggish, this conversation was going a little fast for her first one in a week and a half.
"Well, when do you think you'll be able to come home?"
"To California? Mom, I have no idea, you just brought this up. I can't just move out-"
"I know that your lease is up soon, it must be so stressful to find a new place to live in your current situation. Just think about it."
Ugh, why had she called her mom first. "Yeah, of course. I'll let you know. All my stuff is still here, and -"
"Great!" her mom interrupted. "I can't wait to see you darling," her voice fluttered, rising on 'wait'. "Now, I really have to be going, deadlines, you know how it is."
"Of course mom."
"See you soon! Love you."
She hung up and Fred was left with a silent phone ringing in her ear. Well fuck.

She sat back down on the floor, a bit of a mess after being neglected for the past week, her back to her sofa. Her mom was right about some parts, her lease was up, and the idea of finding a new place and a new job was daunting to the point of being exausting just to imagine.

But then, so was staying with her mom.

She laid down. What the fuck, how had Lisa learned about her job being lost? She was thankful that her past self had remembered to turn off notifications on her phone.

It was time to get this show on the road.

I don't know if I can do this. I'm sad all the time.

Fred opened her phone and called Max, her friend from college.

After a twenty minute exchange that required gratefully little background information from either or any real catching up at all, Fred had plans to go visit Max in California. Lisa's coworker had been planning to get rid of their car anyway, since she had moved to a part of Brooklyn that made it impossible to keep, and after a significanlty more painful human interaction with Lisa, Fred had successfully gotten a gas efficient car procured and ready to make moves.

Let's get out of here, she whispered to herself. She felt her heart flutter weakly.



--------The part in which Fred takes everything out of her apartment and goes on a trip cross-country to California to see her college friend----------

It always took longer to pack than she expected it to, why wasn't she used to this by now. Thankfully, she had found people on her floor who wanted her bed and big couches, and they had gratefully helped her move everything down the hall.

Most of the rest, she left out in the street, with only a slight pang of loss. It all still smelled like M anyway, covered in a layer of her skin cells no matter how many times Fred vaccumed. Which, to be totally honest, hadn't been all that many times.

In the car, Fred loaded a few records that she wanted to keep, some sketchbooks, her laptop, and a pencil case full of her favorite pens. She also loaded in all of her clothes that didn't remind her of work (so about slightly less than a third of them), a toothbrush, and a case full of jewelry that had been given to her from relatives and collected over the course of a lifetime, that she didn't have the heart to throw away. Last, she threw in eyeliner. What the hell.

The day before she left, she met up with a few friends at a bar. It had been out of her control, really. Charlotte had shown up at her apartment and no-nonsenely made it clear that they were going out tonight.

Fred's annoyance quickly turned into acceptance. She loved New York. There was a reason she had moved here, wanted to move here. It took up a space in her heart that had rarely taken away, and had given her and filled her with energy and life and personhood that almost made up for what everything else had taken away.

It was time to say goodbye. At least for a bit.

And not slinking away, not a quiet goodbye, New York didn't deserve that. Not that New York would take any notice either way, but fuck it. Fred wanted to say goodbye on her terms.

They started out at their favorite local bar, right in midtown, a place with beer pong and shuffle board and a giant jenga game in a corner. Not that those things were any more than decoration, they sort of pretended to play jenga for a bit, but really they just caught up and gossipped and got ready to say goodbye.

It was Fred, Charlotte, Lisa and another friend from school, Amanda. Fred couldn't remember the last time all four of them had gone out like this. Years?

Lisa smiled, and leaned back on the laid out beer pong table behind her. Her face was radiant, for a moment freed from its recently usual focused lost fuzz. Fred remembered how much she used to love it, that smile. They had spent so many nights in bed cuddling. Never romantic, but deeply in that special love reserved for close girl friends who meet early on in their lives, before they're fully formed.

Fred slipped a hand behind her back, and Lisa smiled up at her. "I'm going to miss you," she muttered, her head on Fred's shoulder.


--------In which Lisa decides she can't possibly live like this anymore----------

That night, Lisa got home to an empty apartment, and stared ahead of her into the darkness for a long time, feeling her heart beating. Feeling so trapped in her body, seeing the path of her life continue on, filling the edges of her vision like a cave. Her chest filled with a longing so intense she couldn't place it, had no reference for it at all. What was she doing here?

She opened up her journal, something that had been left unopened, unwritten, for years. She had used to keep one in high school, she had written in it every day. Who even knew where those had gone to, pages of first loves, first drugs. Driving after school, days and days of smoking by Brian' pool. God, sometimes she missed those days. Whenever anyone said that you were going to miss high school, she had always rolled her eyes, knowing without a doubt that she was destined for some kind of greatness beyond what any of them expected, or possibly could comprehend.
Sometimes, still, she went through the Facebook profiles of the people she had gone to school with, nosing, checking where they had ended up. Who was pregnant. Who had finished college.
And it always made her feel strange. I've done it, she'd think to herself. Look, look, I did it. She was making more than any of them, she had her own place. She was living in New York City, for fucks sake, one of the hippest parts of Brooklyn. Look! she wanted to yell to them. Look, I did it.
But it was an empty victory, a victory against no one. No one cared, and she was absolutely bored.
She wanted to scream her successes to the whole world, but she had new friends now, ones that were doing work and out saving the world, doing things that made her embarrassed of the work she did on the day to day. And it made her try harder, don't get her wrong. She loved her friends, her new friends, the ones that had unlimited energy and worked fifteen hour days and got more done in a few hours than she seemed to get done in an entire week. And she tried to keep up, god was she trying. And so far she had done it, no one in this world knew that she didn't belong yet. No one knew that she didn't have the stamina they did, that she was faking about half the work it seemed like she got done. They didn't know how often deadlines only got met because of other people. They didn't know how little she was saving the world.

I can't do this anymore. It's all fake.

The first lines in a notebook that had been empty for years. And goddamn if it didn't feel even fucking emptier.

Giving up, she curled up onto her couch and turned on Netflix. One of the benefits of living alone was that when you watched horror movies they got even scarier.

She put on one called 'Last Shift', maybe in some subconscious way relating it to her current internal collapse.

It didn't help. She got so scared towards the end that she had to take her glasses off and watch the movie through her fingers. And, well, wish she had someone next to her whose arm to grab.

Because that was it, wasn't it? All her friends now, all the social events she went to, all the hours. None of these people were real. None of them were going to come over and drink a glass of wine and watch a fucking horror movie with her.

What were they? Work friends? Drinking friends? Both, as those things merged into one life consuming entity where sometimes she believed that all she was was a machine built on beer, coffee, and as much productivity as was possible to squeeze from a person before they collapsed on the floor and got replaced by a newer, fresher human.

How much longer? She had already called out tomorrow (there was a huge stigma in taking days off work because of the generous work from home policy, because of course there was, so she had quite a few saved up), and then after that was the weekend, so that gave her three days to decide what on earth she was going to do. She considered texting Fred, and then thought better of it. She could always meet her up later on in her journey, but this first step, this had to be left on her to figure out.



The next day she rolled out of bed with that all to familiar feeling of being lost on days when she didn't have anything to do. She opened her phone. 3pm. 17 emails. 3 calls. 4 texts. She turned the screen off again. Absolutely not. She rolled back over, avoiding real life for as long as humanly possible.

What did people do when they weren't volunteering or working or going to brunch with friends? Essentially, when they weren't working or drunk.

She opened her sketchbook, which had devolved into to-do lists for her life and for work. She knew that she wasn't alone in this, the turnover rate at these top advertising agencies was anywhere from six months to three years. After three years, people either went into management leadership positions, usually after leaving to go back to business school to take two years off and party for a bit, or they just left and went somewhere else. She was right at this point, it made sense that she'd be feeling this way. But she didn't realize that right before people left it got so brutal. Her and most of her friends there had joined around the same time, right out of school, so she hadn't really known anyone who had burnt out this hard.
Or, also likely, everyone was and no one was sharing it with her.

She took out her watercolors. In college she had taken art classes whenever she had the chance, some of the glass she had created in that one semester glass blowing class still stood, slightly misshapen and beautiful, along the bookshelf in her apartment. She looked at it sometimes, missing the classes. Missing college, with its many paths to explore and time to explore them.

She had been thinking about all this (I mean, of course, who hadn't, or so she imagined and shared with some of her college friends who hadn't made it to New York), but it had been last night with Fred that had really pushed her over the edge that she hadn't even realized she had been teetering on.
Walking through the streets of New York, holding her hand, laughing with Charlotte and Amanda, remembering what their lives were like when they had first gotten to the city, so full of exploration and hope. Living together, over the moon to have that shitty place in Brooklyn. She had missed her so much. When Fred started dating that girl, that ridiculous, ridiculous girl, who had looked through her phone and hated all of her friends.
They had moved into different apartments by that time, Lisa still had a roommate but had moved in to a more expensive apartment with a girl from work. She had tried to be supportive of Fred, she really had, especially after the mess with that other short lived love senior year that Fred had never really seemed to have gotten over, but she could only go somewhere to hang out when someone who clearly didn't want her around would be around before she started to find better things to do with those hours of the day.
This became especially true after Fred moved to Harlem, of all places. It was like she was trying to get as far away from the rest of them as possible without actually leaving the city.
But that was all in the past now. They had all had bad relationships. She just didn't know why they had let this one get between them the way it so obviously had, something that had just started to be remedied last night. She felt holes in her heart that she hadn't even known were there the morning before.



--------The start of the journey----------

Fred had been driving for a few hours, the sun hurting her hungover eyes, her brain gratefully empty. LCD Sound System played on the radio. The wheel of the car bumped methodically on the road, lulling her into a rhythm, "This is your life."

What was her plan? What did people on television do when they took trips, great trips, small trips. She thought back, they so rarely did, didn't they? They mostly stayed in a few rooms, built and lighted, left with seats for an audience. Was this her breaking out of the television? Hopefully, fuck.

She drove for the better part of the day. She had planned out her route the night before, driving south, down to New Orleans, and over to Las Angelas where Max had been living in the sunshine for the past three years. He had been so excited to hear from her, and she was so thankful for his total lack of probing questions. He promised her PBR and friends over for beer ball, and she promised to be a participant, and that was that.

That first day she made it down to South Carolina, driving into the sunset before settling into a motel off the highway.

That night she got a call from her mom, telling her how glad she was that she was out of New York. Her mom sounded more distracted than usual.
"What's going on?" She asked, "is everything okay?"
"There was an attack, at a show, people are dead. It's horrible, god Fred, I'm so glad you're okay?"
"What?" Fred's voice trembled, what was going on? "There's an attack in New York?"
"No, oh gosh, no no no, I'm sorry. I've been making sure everyone's okay, it happened in Paris, you know that we have a big presence there." 'We' of course being the business.
"Oh, oh mom, you had me so worried."
"But, there's a warning there, a threat, there's army all around, I've seen it on the news, oh gosh, I'm so glad you're not there."
"Mom, hey, I'm sure it's fine. I'm not going back right now, though, okay. I'm in South Carolina, you don't have to worry about me at all."
"Yes, of course. Well, I hope you're enjoying your trip."
"It's only the first day, I've mostly just been driving."
"Mhm, well, make sure you stay safe."
"Bye."
"Bye, love you Fred. I'm really glad you're going to be visiting."
The phone clicked close. Fred started to open a news app on her phone, and then thought better of it, turned her phone off, opened her book, and fell asleep on top of the comforter.


--------The part in which Fred meets a boy----------
Fred woke early to make it the rest of the way to New Orleans the next day. She never made it.

Mark had swept her off her feet in a way that made more sense than the expression usually made. It was subtle, a push, a sweep. She was in a gas station, choosing snacks for the road based on which one seemed the least completely full of sugar.

He was working behind the counter, later she learned it was a part time job to help pay off his students loans for a degree he didn't love and never finished. But that would be later. For now, he was just a stranger behind the counter, coming out to ask her if she needed help. Normally she'd blow him off, a stranger being that openly helpful in Manhattan was absolute cause for suspicion and worry for her immidiate and long term safety, but out here, everyone she encountered was so friendly that it had started to change her mind.

"I'm trying to pick out something to eat on the road, hopefully something that won't eat away at my insides, but also the most inexpensive thing you offer," she replied to his inquiry as to whether or not she needed help.
"well," his smile was absolutely contagious, spreading across his face. Fred noticed that his front left tooth was chipped off at the bottom. "Here we have the largest selection of snacks that won't eat away at your insides at any gas station in Alabama."
"Hmm," she replied seriously. "That will be helpful, absolutely. But where is this selection hidden, I can't say I see anything here that fits either of those things."
He led her to a separate aisle, filled with dry ramen and breakfast bars. How was it that no matter where you were, convinence stores remained almost exactly the same?
They talked for a bit more, he asked where she was going, she sort of answered L.A. Where was she staying tonight? She wasn't sure, playing it by ear, living on the seat of her pants, what have you. What about him? Oh, y'know. She didn't know, but he didn't offer, and she didn't pry.

Fred went to check out, gave this still stranger $3.20 for a rice krispie treat and arnold palmer, and that would have been the end of that. But the car she had gotten so easily from Lisa's friend wouldn't turn on. And instead, it became the start of something else entirely.


She came back into the gas station, frustrated. She had turned the key time and time and time with no result, until black smoke began rising from the front of the car in slow spurts. Ugh.

She went back in, leaned her elbow against the counter and leaned in, looking up at him through her eyelashes (what movie did she think she was playing in?), and said "So hey, do you like, know anything about cars?"

He didn't but his brother owned a shop in town. His shift was almost up, "How about you hang out here, and I drive you over there, and you can talk to him? He'll probably tow it over there, free of charge, and give it a look."

Of course, she said yes. Everyone down here was so friendly. And of course his brother said yes, of course they'd tow her car, and take a look, and what was she doing down in these parts anyway?

They were closed for the day though, did she have anywhere to sleep tonight?

His shop was near a main street area, she could see a stop light and a movie theater in the distance. She imagined a few resuarants and a bar further down the street, everyone who knew each other by name stopping in to play pool.

No, she didn't have anywhere to sleep. Of course she could stay with Mark, he had a couch, and lived alone. Now didn't that seem perfectly safe, perfectly reasonable, Fred thought in disbelief, driving in the passenger seat of this scuffed low to the ground green thing out of the early 2000's. Now wasn't this a start to something.

She knew she should probably text someone where she was, in case this guy ended up murdering her or something. But she didn't have the heart, didn't have the energy. And regardless, her phone was dead and she had left her charger in her car, something that wasn't causing her nearly as much stress as a past Fred might have imagined it would.


They drove Fred to Mark's apartment, enormous and stunning by Fred's crushing New York City standards.

"Wow, this is incredible," Fred couldn't help but gasp as she walked through the door into the sweeping entrance room. "You have two floors!"

"Haha, yeah," he looked at her sheepishly. "I had some money left over from my last job, and things are pretty cheap out here."

She dropped her stuff on the couch. "Are you sure it's cool that I sleep here?"

"Yeah, of course. I mean, you see how much room I have. It turned out to be a bit too much for just me."

She paused, unsure what to say.

"I'm - I'm sorry, I haven't had company in a while. I don't have a lot of friends down here anymore."

"You're not from here?"

"I was here in high school, I haven't been back, well, for a while."

"Oh. Yeah, I don't think I have any friends back home either." She paused. "Actually a few, but I'm not sure we're exactly friends anymore."

A pause.

"Well, what are you doing back here?"

He chuckled, his breath low. She felt hesitant, the insanity of this situation revealing itself to her like the blinds slowly being pulled up a window.

"It's sort of a long story."

"That's okay, I don't want to pry or anything." Another pause. "Just like, you know, trying to make conversation or whatever."

Totally insane, utterly insane. But it was only for one night, until her car was fixed. Maybe she was allowed to be a little bit insane.

"Is there like, a bar around here, or something?"

Mark smiled, relieved. He put his hand through his hair, and she let herself notice for the first time that he was actually pretty, well, pretty. He was tan, especially compared to what she had been used to seeing in the depths of Manhattan winter. In fact, it was refreshing to see so much skin on anyone, after getting used to viewing most people as an extension of puffy, furry, layers and layers of clothes. His arms showed olive brown and strong through the sleeves of his white t shirt (he had taken off the collared 'fast check' black polyester shirt and left it behind the counter of said fast check.)

"Yes, yeah, there is. What are you looking for?"

"Is there more than one bar?"

Mark laughed again. His laugh was deep and strong and genuine. He hadn't shaved in about a week, and had the start of a red beard starting right below his cheekbones. "No," he admitted. "Not really. Technically there's two, but one is sort of in a barn."

"Is that the less real or more real one?" Fred asked, not sure whether or not she was joking.

"The more real one. The other one's on the side of the road up a ways. I don't know what your expectations were coming here, ma'am." The ma'am was drawn out, a lazy over exaggerated drawl. Fred glared at him, this stranger turning less strange every passing moment.

"Very funny. Well, what's the non-farm option."

"You'll see." The look he gave her at the end of this sentence made her nervous, in a way that reminded her of looking forward to things, and secrets. In a way that reminded her of adventure in the small things."

"Let's go," Fred said, smiling conspiratorily back at Mark.

The bar turned out to be a karaoke bar, which was why Mark had been teasing her about it.
"You're going to have to sing, you know," he said, looking at her with those dark, serious eyes, under heavy eyebrows, jokingly solemn.
"No way," she said staunchly. "I don't sing. I'll show you back at your place, but I promise you that every person in here would leave running."
"But then we'd have the whole bar to ourselves. Think of it, free beer forever."
"As magical as that sounds, the answer is still no way."
"Okay, I accept your no," he took a sip of his beer, budweiser, she was insisted when he went to offer her a bud light. If she was going to drink shit beer, it might as well be a whole shit beer, not one filled with half water. "For now."

She didn't end up singing that night, and neither did he. But over the course of the next to weeks, she'd go up three times, as she got more comfortable with that bar and the same people who populated it, day after day.


--------- The part in which fred and this boy whose name happens to be Mark, stay up all night and stare at the stars. ------------




She didn't sleep with him that night. That night she slept on the couch.

And that, of course, would have been the end of it. If her car had gotten fixed as planned. But Mark's brother informed her that her car needed work, that it needed parts that wouldn't be there for four to seven business days.

"Fuck," Fred felt annoyed, panicked, in a rush. But then, where on earth did she have to go that wasn't here?
Mark pulled her aside, lightly, fingertips just brushing the top of her arm.

"You can stay with me. It's only the week. You've seen my place, I have too much room as it is."

"I mean, if it's no bother."

"No, absolutely none. It's a pleasure, in fact."

It wasn't until two nights in that she'd walk over to his bed, touch him lightly on the shoulder, and say 'Is there room for me?' To which he'd reply, 'Of course.'

That was the first night in a long time that Fred would go to sleep without m in her heart. Maybe it was something to be ashamed of, that it took someone to get over someone. But Fred finally, finally felt free. And maybe it wasn't just Mark. Maybe it was a combination of this place and this time, and especially this boy and this open unconfusing / clear affection. Asking nothing but time and the occassional meal and her warmth, and giving his days and the hidden secrets of Alabama in winter.


----------The part in which Fred's dreams come back, to the great confusion of both her and Aladia-----------

That night, Fred fell asleep with these getting less strange every day arms around her, touching her stomach lightly. Her left leg pushed lightly back in between his legs, their weight heavy on her.

That night, as she slipped into sleep, she felt a slip, the world around her, the body around her, feeling loose. That night, in her dream, her world was made up of pastel shapes and colors, and music playing in the background.

She woke up the next morning feeling refreshed, feeling whole.

Mark was already awake, pancakes smells were coming out of the kitchen, and she heard him shuffling around. The clanking of the pots and dishes in the kitchen was soothing.

When was she moving on? Wasn't she on a journey? She had lost a week here aleady. Although it didn't feel lost, it felt like she was finding new things here every day, picking up pieces from around her.

She felt fuzzy from last night, it was strange how much she remembered. It had been hours long, her dream. It was made of up the sound of wind and colors fading in and out behind her eyelids.

Mark came through the door. He was still so skittish with her, it was so funny how sheepish he was when she was the one in his bed.

"What do you want to do today?" he asked, his mouth going up in the left corner the way that it did. The way she was already getting used to.

That week she spent in Alabama stretched her out, made her remember what it was like to breathe again. What it was like to have room and space and time. God, to have time again.

Mark only worked at the gas station part time. It didn't even seem like he really needed the money, although everything was so cheap out here that it must have helped. When he was at work, Fred would walk the mile to the center of town, go grocery shopping - just enough to make dinner that night. She got to know one of the clerks there, a girl a little bit older than her, Lilac, and the guy who ran the store, Mike. It was a miracle, they said, that they were even still here. Threats of a wal mart had been imminent for years, no one knew what was keeping them away. Although, Lilac admitted when Mike left their range of hearing, it would be nice to have another place to shop for boots.
Sometimes she'd go to the gas station, and sit behind the counter with Mark, and play with his hair, and they'd give each other massages and talk about their dreams.
Fred hadn't had any dreams in a while, so she was surprised when she told him that she wanted to do something good. Nothing great, nothing that anyone had to know about, but expand human knowledge a little bit in a way that would help other people. Really really help. Now, since when had that been a dream? She supposed it must have been, back in college maybe, and even before that. When had she lost sight of her dreams?
Mark would run his fingers down her back, and told her about how he wanted to teach. He had only made it two years through college, but maybe going back and getting some bullshit degree so he could go teach english abroad. Or teach here, in schools, especially down here where he came from, where people just don't have the opportunities he saw up north. Him and his friends were the only ones in the whole school to go away to college, can you believe that? he asked her. People just don't see it down here, they don't know what life is like. I had a girl say to me senior year that she wanted more than going to college and finding a husband and having kids. I wish I could go back and tell her that that's not real, that college would be a way out of that life and into anything you wanted, not into it. It opens doors, doens't push you down one. I can't do that with her, but I'd love to be able to do it to the generations that are coming up now, you know?
Fred didn't know, not really. 90% of her high school had gone away to schools, most of them expensive and far away.

And she was feeling better too, when she woke up. She was having the strangest dreams, every single night. They weren't even dreams, not in a regular way. There were no strange characters or plots that jumped from place to place. Dreams were supposed to reflect your real life, she'd think, waking up and feeling strange. Maybe they were reflecting her peace.

But to say that they were peaceful would be wrong. It would be off, not quite wrong, but just slightly to the left of the truth. They were peaceful in theory. Once she had tried to explain them to Mark, but it quickly became clear that what she was saying didn't really make any sense.

"It's as though I'm sleeping, or rather, just waking up, but I'm still asleep, you know that moment right before? I can kind of see light through my eyelids. And my face feels kind of cold, so I go to bring my sheets up, but I can't move my body at all."
"And you're sure it's a dream? Maybe it's like sleep paralysis or something, that's a thing, right?"
"Yeah, but I'm definitely sleeping. I'd know if I hadn't slept at all in like four days. You'd know, I'd be way grumpier."
"Grump," he pushed her shoulder playfully. "You're the grumpiest person in this town, maybe now we know why."
"But listen, it's weird, right? Having the same dream night after night?"
"It doesn't even sound like a dream Fred. It sort of seems like you're just describing sleep."
"Maybe I'm having a dream of sleep? But like, almost sleep. Does that make any sense?"
"I guess."
"And sometimes the light changes colors. Sometimes it's blue, sometimes it's orange and yellow, like pastels."
"That also sounds like sleep. Sounds a bit like me turning the lights on in the morning." He raised his eyebrows, mockingly. "It's possible that your body's confused by the lack of constant sounds and lights and vibrations around every single second of the day."
She rolled her eyes, and he laughed at her.
"No, but I am a little serious. I remember when I moved here from Chicago, I couldn't sleep for a week. I was actually a little freaked out, I'd gone so long surrounded by people."
"Yeah, I guess that could be it."
She didn't try to explain the dreams to anyone else.


She starts writing, with her free time. She makes a series of comics about a young boy who travels into the earth and finds a series of rock type friends. He makes a suit out of them and eventually becomes a rock himself, metamorphising into a metamorphic rock on the side of the earth, in the shape of a beautiful rock butterfly. She doesn't show it to anyone.
She also writes non-fiction, expanding on what she had written on the floor of her apartment in what felt like a lifetime ago. She writes about her motivations, how she got where she was. She comes to terms with past Fred. She gets excited to become future Fred. For the first time in such a long time, she looks forward to the future.

She doesn't bother to charge her phone. She uses Mark's email when he's at work to send email updates to her parents and friends. She treats them like blog posts, saving the emails in a folder for when she'll no doubt need them for her memoir one day. Okay, as if, but maybe once she's back in real life and wants to look them over, and remember this time, when things were slow.

The letter to her dad was the hardest. They didn't speak that often, and unless her mom had told him, which she doubted, he didn't even know that she had left New York.

Hi Dad,

Hope you're well. Wanted to catch up. How's Colorado? I'd love to stop by and see your new place. I'm actually going to be coming through pretty soon. My lease was up, and I decided to take some time off for a bit. I'll probably be driving through in a few weeks. My phone is having some problems, but if you'd like, I can call you when I get a new one and we can make plans.

Miss you,

Fred


She sent it unsure of what she'd get in return.

Her email to Lisa was much more detailed. She missed her, one of her oldest friends, so much after a night together again like it had been back in the old days. She had so much to say to her, but when it became time to sit down and write, she suffered from total writer's block. What to say, how to explain where she was, how she was feeling? She felt like her friends were in New York City and she had left and gone to some new planet that none of them had even heard of before. She felt like she was floating in space, something scary and vast, and had turned out to be fine.

Hey girl,

My trip got cut a bit short, or well, I had a bit of a detour. Your co-workers car kind of broke down on me. It's all good, it actually turned out for the best. There was no reason for me to be in a rush, and this helped remind me of that.

I've been stuck in Alabama for a bit, although 'stuck' is the wrong word. It's not so bad. It's a place near a city called Birmingham. So there's stuff close by, if I want to go to a restaurant or something. But there's also local stuff. I've been walking to a Safeway with only four employees at any time, can you believe that? It's so small! And everyone's so friendly, I've only been here a week and I'm already starting to know people by name. I lived in New York for years and hardly knew a single person.
And it's warm here. Not hot, but some days I can even walk around in a t-shirt, with just a single back-up hoodie in my backpack.
Anyway, it's not all good. I've been pretty bored at times. Had a few moments of panic about what on earth I'm doing, and about the fact that I don't actually know any of these people and could totally be part of some crazy horror movie or something. Wake up to them breaking my windows open or something. But then I know that that's crazy, that that's just the fear that all of us have up north. Have you noticed it? Now that I've seen it it's all I can see - how scared everyone is.
I've been staying with a boy. I think you'd like him. His name is Mark. We've been sleeping together. I know - don't say a word. I guess Antonio back in the day was more than just a fluke. He went to Penn State! I asked him if he knew Alicia, but you know how big that school is, and anyway they only overlapped a semester. He used to live in Chicago, a bit too cold for him, but he said he loved the art scene there. Maybe it's a place to go when we get tired of New York finally!
I'm like 75% sure he's not a serial killer, or even a regular killer who's only going to kill this random girl who he let stay over his apartment. He's surprisingly nice. Sometimes we drive down to this big beautiful river and draw together.

I miss you. Really.
(You more than new york).

Love,

Fred


After the first week, Mark started acting a bit more distant. Fuck, she thought, remembering M, remembering how all that had started and ended. What the fuck had she done, that this was happening already, only a week in. When he came home from work, he'd sometimes avoid her and the dinner she had made completely. Maybe he just needed some time alone, she spent more and more time out of the apartment walking around, or on the porch reading his books or drawing her comics. Some days he'd hardly look at her, while others you'd think they were the only ones in the universe. The silence at night felt solid, like a physical wall between them.

"Is everything okay, is anything wrong?" She asked one day, trying to hide her anxiety.
"Of course," he said, looking above her head to outside.
When he looked at her and how her face was scrunched in confusion and hurt, her forehead wrinked and her mouth downturned.
"It's my mom," he admitted, deflated. "She's gotten a lot worse."
Fred reflected for a moment on how weird it was that she had met Mark's brother, and all of his friends who lived around here, but never met this mother he so rarely spoke of, and had been such a focal point in his life that he had moved back here to care for her, to be with her.
He didn't offer any more information, and she didn't ask.

One night, after about another week of this, they go out with some of Mark's high school friends. For someone who apparently didn't have any friends left in this town anymore, he sure knew a lot of people, many of whom he'd seemed to have known his whole life. They'd run into people at the sole coffee shop and catch up on each others' lives and families. When they left, Fred would ask, and he'd say offhandedly, "Oh, that's Jimmy, we've known each other since we were kids." Such things had happened often enough that Fred was seriously unsure what Mark's definition of 'friends' was. Or, he was just so saturated with people he had known here that it was a blind spot for them, completely different than his Chicago friends who were so close, at least from the stories he had told her.

This night was the breaking point, the point where she had decided that this wasn't what she was looking for, that it was time to go. A point that she had never reached with M, but felt like she was reliving, here.

The night starts off okay. One of his friends, Rob, was someone she had actually gotten to know pretty well from her walks around town. He worked at the bar that wasn't part of a barn (something Fred had never actually seen and was suspecting that Mark had been teasting her about that first night), and she had often sat there during the day, drinking sprites and drawing and talking to him about nothing.
They talk for a bit and play some pool, while around them the tattered wooden barstools with broken hearts and initials roughly carved into them filled up with bodies, and the sole counter to hold drinks that stretched around the bar filled with half empties, 'wounded soldiers' as Mark called them. Rob would sometimes sneak behind the bar and come back with shots for everyone, secretly on the house (usually whatever cheap thing they were trying to get rid of that day, but it was all the same to them).

About halfway into the night, when they were all plenty drunk, a group of girls came into the bar. The way girls dressed to go out to this bar was always so funny to Fred. Some of them came out in their little black dresses, done up in heels like they were going out dancing to a club until 4 in the morning. Others wore the tightest jeans she had ever seen, paired with fake eyelashes and just enough make up to seem, to the casual viewer, like they weren't wearing any at all.

Rob pointed out a few of the girls to her, as they excitedly came up to the group, squealing excitedly as though finding surprise puppies under a desk. It reminded her, hilariously, of freshman and sophomore sorority girls, before they had become too cool and had mostly stopped 'woo-ing' when basically anything happened. Of course, only until they got so drunk that it didn't matter and they weren't too cool for anything.
"I dated her, when we were freshman in high school," he waved to one as he pointed, a larger girl with huge hair and shiny lips, dressed in skinny jeans and cowboy boots. He whispered into Fred's ear "she was skinnier then. She's married now, with like three kids. How crazy is that?"
"Pretty crazy," Fred admitted, and smiled as the girl waved back.
Mark had walked over to them, and put his hand around Fred's waist. Did he think she was going to be jealous of all these girls? She resisted the urge to roll her eyes.
"Mark's dated a few of them himself, over the years."
"I don't know about a few," Mark replied in a voice that made Fred feel like she was missing some kind of joke.
"And I don't know about 'dated'," Rob said, and they both cracked up laughing.
"I don't know, I'd say that Jessica was definitely someone you dated."
"Ugh, that's something I'd rather avoid talking about for the rest of my life."
"What do you mean?" Fred asked. "Which one's Jessica?"
Rob, giggling, pointed out the largest girl in the group, extra obvious because the rest of the girls were mostly so thin and tan and beautiful. This girl was beautiful too, she had stunning blue eyes and she had put winged eyeliner on over them. She felt the strange need to stand up to this woman, who was so obviously the butt of a joke between these two. An embarrasment to Mark because they had dated once?
"Come on guys, that's not fair. I think she's still really pretty."
"You should have seen her back in the day," Rob said, and made a lewd gesture.
"What the fuck guys," she had seen them get ridiculous when they were drunk, but come on, this was targeted bullying.
"Oh come on, take a fucking joke Fred," Mark said, and started talking to Rob about something else, pointedly ignoring her. She huffed, upset, and walked up to the bar to avoid them.

The rest of the night passed mostly without incident, until it was time to go out to Mark's car and drive home. They were both clearly too drunk to drive, and Fred started to insist on calling a taxi. Mark, clearly drunk out of his mind, called her a pussy. Called her scared.

"I'm being fucking safe, you're gonna go on that road and kill us both and maybe some fucking kid in another car in the process."
"Oh fuck off, I can drive just fine. It's a straight fucking road back, don't be an idiot."
"Well I'm calling a cab. You can do whatever you want."
"The cab's going to take hours to get here, you can wait, I'd be asleep by then."
"Then sleep!" Fred threw up her hands, exasperated. "Whatever! I'll wake you up when the fucking thing gets here."
"Oh, shut up. I'm going home to sleep in my bed."
"You're drunk," why was she standing her ground? Her and her friends had all driven home drunk before. But not this drunk, she reminded herself. This was insane. "If you get in that car I'm going to call the police."
His face darkened. "You're a bitch."
She didn't say anything, but also couldn't keep his gaze. Her eyes dropped to the loose gravel parking lot.
"And what the fuck was that in there tonight? Judging Rob and I for fucking around."
"I was not-"
He cut her off, "You think you're better than us. I've met a whole lot of you. Especially before I lost my accent. You think you're so open minded, but you hate us, secretly. You think we're pathetic, stupid. That you and everyone you've ever met is better than us in some way you think we can't understand. But it's not true. You're not any better than us, not any of you. You're distracted, confused by your own reflection. You're all so busy staring at yourselves in each other's eyes, primping and making money and fighting each other, nails out, smiling the entire time with your sharp fucking perfect teeth."
Fred was speechless. Where was this hate coming from? Had this been building the entire time she had been staying with him?
"Don't you dare, judge us."
He had been judging that girl! How dare he, how dare he. She was a bit drunk and not thinking clearly.
"Go home," she whispered, almost a spit. "Do whatever you want."
"You can leave, you know," his voice was daggers. "Your car's been ready for days now."
"What?" her voice nearly exploded, indignation coming out of every pore over her body. "Are you fucking kidding me? And you just weren't going to tell me? What, were you keeping me prisoner or something?"
He didn't answer, and she went back inside. She called Lilac, who often stayed up late watching her shows, and stayed on her couch that night.


--->Adult Fred had no more dreams until the 15th day after her 25th birthday. She knew it was that day specifically because it was fifteen days into her poorly planned quarter life vacation. A full month, prompted by an unexpected layoff.<---



I wish I knew what comes next. Why is it so hard to tunnel into these clouds.

Her car was ready, it was time to get back on the road.

She couldn't look at Mark anymore, couldn't even touch him. The whole thing had turned into such a disaster so quickly, what could she have possibly have been thinking? What was wrong with her, jumping into something like this, staying with some guy she barely knew?

She tried to wake up before him, slip off his couch into the ether, become a fignment of his past, the girl he dreamt about when he was married years later. But of course he was up before her, getting ready for work.

"Hey," she stood there in her stupidly short shorts and too big t-shirt, unsure of the space she was filling up in his doorframe. Was she crooked, or was the wall?

"Hey," he could hardly look at her. Her stomach dropped, clenched. What a mess, she was glad to be leaving all this behind. How had she felt so sure she was finding what she had lost, only to leave this week more confused than every, minorly convinced that she was losing her mind. She felt a bubble from inside her rise up into her throat, bursting and filling the space in her head. She was so, so, so, so tired of being alone.


She left the apartment before she could start crying.

Of course she would see Mark again one day. One day pretty soon in fact, he'd end up playing a role in what came ahead. But there was no way that she could know that yet. All she knew now was that this diversion was over, it was time to keep going forward to California.





---------- Interlude, Lisa almost quits her job and then doesn't, not yet, it's not quite time yet-----
During the break, the day before it was time to come back, Lisa started to feel panic rising in her stomach. It was like a knot, like she had swallowed a watermelon whole and her body was going to war on it. She couldn't go, and that was the end of that. She had done over two years, her time there was done and done.
She had picked up the phone to call the supervisor she had over Barb, her exciteable boss who wouldn't take kindly to being surprised over the phone like this.
She put the phone down. What was she doing? Of course she was going to work tomorrow.
Lisa went to go take a shower, reminding herself that everything was fine, that she was going to be fine.
She checked her email for the first time in days, and saw that Fred had sent her messages about her trip. They were pen pal style, and Lisa smiled reading them. She had apparently ended up in Alabama, seeing some guy? Oh Fred, thought Lisa, will they ever be a point where I don't have to worry about you. The way that girl threw herself into new relationships, you'd think she had a crippling phobia of spending one more second alone. Maybe she did. There were three emails, the first two were from Alabama, talking about what she'd been doing. It seemed slow moving (well, part of it did, the fact that she was living with this guy seemed a little too fast moving for Lisa's taste, but Fred was an adult, hopefully she could handle this on her own). Fred had attached some drawings she'd created in her sketchbook. They were beautiful, of trees and rivers. And one of this boy, Mark.
The last email only said
'It's time I was leaving. I'll catch you up later.'
Good luck Fred, she thought to herself. And then, good luck Lisa.
Chapter 2 - When Amongst Many Worlds, Two Find Passageways and Phone Lines



----- In which Fred makes it all the way to New Orleans --------


Fred drove in a fog for the first few hours. What was next? She felt that in the span of two weeks, she had created an entire life, just to see if be washed away in seconds. She had said goodbye to Lilac with hugs, Lilac had smiled weakly and made her promise that if she was ever in the area again she'd call.

With her now charged phone (wasn't it nice to be re entering regular person life again, what a weird weird time away), she called Max and said that she was back on track to be there in a few weeks. He laughed at her concern, and promised that he had work until the next possibly forever, so he'd be there. She smiled, glad that her time setback hadn't gotten in the way of anything he might have planned. Max planning, she should know better. She was secretly hoping that when she arrived she'd have found that he hadn't changed at all from college. She remembered his ottoman where he had his secret jars and jars of weed. Okay, he must have changed a little, but she was hoping fun wise it would be relatively the same.


She drove straight through to New Orleans, where she knew of a few hostels from some past mardi gras trips from her youth (her youth! you're so dramatic, ugh).

Fred drove into New Orleans, the empty Louisiana wetlands graciously turning into the winding dry streats of NOLA.

She was exausted, and had very drinking related associations with this city, so she parked the car near downtown and went into the first bar she saw, a fancy looking black builing with beautiful typography on the side.

Inside, the bartenders greeted her warmly. Such enormous smiles, whether or not they were fake, Fred was into it. She ordered a blueberry mojito, and settled in, knowing that actually finding a hostel could probably (hopefully) wait.
The drink was a bit too sweet, but after a few sips she decided that she didn't mind.
An older man sat next to her, he was small and tan and wrinkled, and she figured he was probably in his sixties or seventies, although it was hard to tell once people got above a certain age that she still mostly saw as 'old'.
He started up conversation with her, and she, in a suprisingly chipper mood, actually engaged back. Conversation! She had gotten quite good at this in Alabama, hadn't she?
He started talking to her about his job down here, asking what she did. She chattered back about her time as a research assistant.
It started getting weird when he said something about socialism.
She argued her strongly held belief that capitalism and socialism weren't mutually exclusive ideas, and that the idea of basic human right and a safety net being called a handout was abhorrent.
That was when things got really gross, and he started putting his hand around her back. At first, she didn't think anything of it, figuring that he was just being friendly, this man, this increasingly disgusting by the minute old man.
He asked her over his apartment for a bottle of wine, and she laughed and said no, she actually had somewhere to be that night, thinking that would be the end of it. But the questions got stranger and stranger, and more and more personal, and she, in increasing discomfort, wondered why the friendly bartenders hadn't given her her check yet.
"Do you smoke weed?" He asked, when she mentioned that she might go to Portland on the end of her trip. "They have weed up there you know, and crazy unemployment. You'd be better off going to the Bay Area, that's where I'm headed back to after this trip."
She didn't bother to tell him that that's where she was heading, the hell pit that she had grown up in.
"On occassion," she said, trying to make eye contact with the bartender.
"Do you find it makes sex better?" She almost knocked her drink over. What the fuck kind of question was that?
"I guess it depends on the person," she responded. What was wrong with her? Why wasn't she telling this guy to fuck right off?
"Listen," ugh, why was his hand on her knee? It was soft and dry, actually not to unpleseant, if this was in a grandfather sort of way and not in a I'd really like to sleep with you please come to my house sort of way. "I've never smoked, never will." She eyed his wine glass, and struggled not to roll her eyes. "But, I do drink very good wine. Come over, try a glass. You'll see how good capitalism can be. That the American Dream is alive and well. I've always said, life is too short to drink bad wine."
"I already said no, dude." How much longer did she have to be friendly to this creep?
"Then how about dinner? Tomorrow night?"
She didn't answer right away, trying to think of the proper response that would get her the fuck out of this situation. Why was the whole goddamn world a minefield of these situations. Even Mark, her heart twinged a suprising amount when she thought about it, even that was just a fucking situation waiting to expode. A mine with a delayed response.
He took up his left hand, with a wedding ring on his finger. It was a bit too big, loose on his hand. Charming.
"My wife died, nine months ago," she admitted, in what might or might not have been a genuine moment from this strange stranger. "I wear this out of respect."
"I'm so sorry," she said. And she was, maybe he was just going out hitting on young women because he was confused by grief. I mean, she still wanted to get out of here and never speak to him again, but maybe she just needed a different tactic.
"Listen, I have a boyfriend, but I'm really sorry about your wife. I'm sure you'll meet someone new."
"A boyfriend?" Oh god, what had she done.
And then he started asking her questions about her imaginary boyfriend, which she answered / deflected to the best of her ability. Until, question of questions, he asked if he was a good lover to her.
"Are you kidding me dude?" She didn't even know what to say, but she felt a bit nauseous. This creep could be her grandfather, what was this shit.
"Well?" After a pause, and her desperately trying to get the check from the bartender, he took it back. "You're right, that question was out of bounds."
No shit. "Yeah, a bit."
She made some excuse of really having to go, having an appointment. He asked her how important it really was, but she was steadfast that it was "very important."
The fucking bartender didn't even come over until that creep of an old guy held up a finger and beckoned him. Ew, good god. Why, why couldn't she just go out and drink a drink, why was the world filled with these lizard creeps? And why hadn't she learned how to stand up to them yet? M had always stood up to them, cursing at them and laughing when they switched gears and called her a bitch. She had even thrown her drinks at a few of them (getting kicked out of a few bars in the process).
She walked briskly down the street back to her car, glad to be the fuck out of there. Why? Why why why why why. She felt nauseous and pretty fucking dirty. At one point, when he had grabbed her hand with his gnarled claws, his hand had come up and brushed her left breast. She wanted to vomit into the nearest bush.
And the worst part was, she wasn't even mad at this guy! He was disgusting, sure, but all of her hatred was reserved for herself. Why couldn't she stand up for herself? What the fuck was wrong with her? Was she just going to let herself be stepped on her entire life?
She shook her head, trying to displace the memory. Hopefully the road trip would push the memories out (or just down, what can you do), as she filled her brain with some more adventures. Starting now. She had a bad taste in her mouth, that experience combined with the aftertaste of the artificial blue.

She found one of the previous mardi gras hostels, it was much easier to get a bed this time of the year. She nearly had the whole room to herself, only sharing it with a couple that was so obsessed with each other they hardly looked at her. They had some polite conversation in the beginning, they were on vacation, lived in L.A. She didn't tell them that's where she was going, and they didn't ask her that many questions.

How could it be that she already missed her life in that Birmingham suburb? She had hardly had enough time there to even have what you'd call a life. But, she had spent longer there than she usually spent on vacation trips, and she missed all of those places when she left. Maybe it wasn't so ridiculous after all. She was surprised at how much she missed Mark's arms around her as she fell asleep.

That brought a whole new round of rage and self hate. She couldn't stand up for herself because she had this sick idea that she needed someone, what was wrong with her? You don't need anyone, she whispered to herself, into the pillow. You can do this yourself. Do what? Oh shut up, you know. Live, or whatever.
Maybe it's good that she was alone, she decided. How else could she figure out how to be a full person? But the same voice in her head twinged. She didn't want to be a full person. She just didn't want to be lonely anymore. Why did it seem like she was the only person she had ever met who wasn't whole?

That night, she had the strangest dream yet. She woke up with a nearly perfect memory of it, and it left her more confused than she had been in a long, long time. But at the same time, it made sense, and tickled her memory of childhood stories and games and adventures. Why couldn't she remember them better?

That night, she had dreamt that the noise of the wind had gotten louder, that the cold had gotten more and more real. She dreamt that she could feel a bed under here, crinking as though made of that crunchy, nearly plastic paper that you put in gift bags. She felt a blanket, covering her like a weight but also not nearly warm enough for the ever dropping temperature that surrounded her. It got so uncomfortable that it started to hurt, her nose feeling numb and her breath chilling her all the way down to her insides. She felt her heart beat, so slow, how could it possibly be so slow. The dream had lasted an eternity, longer, it stretched out into the longest night of her life. By the end, the wind had gotten so loud that it filled the room like a physical thing, that there was a physical presence in the room with her, filling the walls and the floor, hiding under the bed and around the crevices. It was wound up, this presence. Ready to pounce on her, it was terrifying. Her skin prickled, the hair on her arms stood up, her fingers tensed.
Open your eyes, she said to yourself. Open you eyes. Move. Move. MOVE.
The wind howled the loudest yet, filling the space around her head, and Fred woke up, gasping, tears filling her eyes, her hands blue. She panicked for a second, trying to figure out where she was. She was in a hostel, she told herself, looking around at the unfamiliar beds. She was in New Orleans. It was warm here, she reminded herself. Already, her skin was starting to feel more like skin and less like ice, less like corpse skin.
But why had she been so cold? Had someone left the a.c. on too high?
The couple was gone. She wrapped herself in her blankets and waited for her heartbeat to get back to normal, breathing to herself, trying not to think about the night before, trying to let it fade into dream memory.

She warmed up, slowly, not moving from under the covers. Deep breaths. The dream didn't get any murkier, and eventually, about an hour of shivering and getting her body temperature back to normal (Fred absolutely hated being cold, it was probably one of the subconscious motivations for leaving New York behind and finally visiting her mom in California), she figured that the only way to forget last night's nightmare and get her heart to stop randomly pounding, was to go out and be a person. Not too hard, Fred utterly loved New Orleans, and she was head over heels excited to start peeking into its warm welcoming corners all over again.

And she was right. Although the dream never got exactly forgotten, like dreams are supposed to do if you don't write them down absolutely very first thing, she was able to mostly stop thinking about it, distracted by the beautiful New Orleans houses and bignets and art and fortunte tellers. She went to the World War II museum by herself, something her friends would never have wanted to do with her. She walked downtown, hearing the hustle of tourists in all the different languages she didn't understand (although she caught pieces, french here, a spanish family here with two little daughters, trying to manuver onto the trolly without losing anyone and without anyone losing their long colorful candies.

For the entire afternoon she went to that park with those big trees, the Live Oaks Park, she remembered, finding a sign with the name. She could never remember, but when she talked about that park people generally seemed to know what she was talking about. She walked through the trees, touching their bark, pretending she was communicating with them (but of course she wasn't, trees were far too self-important to listen to anything she had to say), and spent a large part of the afternoon into the evening laying on the grass, drawing pictures of the trees. She gave them faces, or drew bodies hidden inside.

That night, she walked around the city looking for dinner, not looking for anything in particular, but restaurants were depressing her, freaking her out, full of noise and too many people. She shook her head, how much time had you spent in Alabama, Fred? But it was more than that, it was her body rejecting everything she had grown so sick of in New York. She was tired of the touching and the noise and the bodies and the smells.

She paid for one more night at the hostel, imagining it would be her last one, before she moved forward. Probably to Austin, although she hadn't exactly decided yet. She had a sort of friend there, who would definitely meet her for coffee or a beer, and who might possibly invite her to spend the night. They had both run volleyball intermurals in college, and maybe hadn't been the closest, but had gone along pretty well, and had spent a good amount of time together.

That night she went to sleep in the same hostel bed, after paying for another night. She was exausted from a day of being out in the sun, running around the city. The couple was gone, but a few college students had taken their place. They ignored Fred completely, talking excitedly about the 'insane long weekend' that was about to happen, and how 'professor philly can totally suck it, his class it dumb anyway.'

Fred laid in her bed, covering herself with the slightly too thin hostel blanket. She half-listened to the chatter of the college girls, and half wondered what Mark would have thought of her tree drawings (M wouldn't have even paid attention to them, she had never really cared about or given time to any of Fred's moderately creative exploits. Once, Fred had painted her something, and she had acted very strange, going quiet and making a joke about one of Fred's hairs being stuck on the paint. "I knew you were going to give me your hair, you creep," she'd said. As a joke. Fred's heart still hurt a little thinking about it. The painting had disappeared after that, Fred never mentioned it and M pretended the whole thing had never happened.)

Before she knew it though, she was asleep. Sort of asleep. The dream was back. Bizarrely, she was conscious enough in this dream world to think, "Not this again."
Even more bizarrely, a voice answered her. "Fred?" it asked. "What's going on?"
The wind had died down since last night, but she still felt cold. So, so cold. Why couldn't she move? You always can't move in dreams, she told herself matter of factly.
"Fred, I can't move," the voice said again. "Is this a dream? I think I'm awake." and then, "How much time has passed? What's going on, what's going on?" The voice was clear and ringing. Calm with an edge, as though assessing a train crash when it's your job and this is the fifth train crash you've seen this week and no, you're fine, and god look at all these bodies but it's okay, because it's your job to count the bodies, just a job, right?
Why was it so cold in this room? Fred could feel her body (or, this body), breathing in, making her lips cold. Her cheeks were numb.
"I - I don't know where we are," Fred answered this other voice in her head. How interesting, she had never had a dream like this before. All her dreams were third person, watching herself from above her head or behind her, playing a part in some silly ever changing story. This wasn't like that at all. This, like last night, felt endless and strange to the point of it being boring. The idea of experiencing this night after night, going asleep to this strange cold room where she couldn't see, couldn't move, made her want to go out and find the strongest sleeping pills available, and forcing herself into dreamlessness.
"I'm going to try and move," the voice said.
"Who are you?" Fred asked hesitantly. Were you allowed to ask that in a dream?
"What do you mean?" the panic that had been so near surfaced in this girl's voice. It broke a little, she could feel the panic between her eyes. A dull pressure, pushing up from her brain. Her skull felt like it was vibrating.
I guess you're not allowed to ask that in a dream, thought Fred.
"What dream?" the voice answered. "Please, I'm, I'm scared." The staggered sound of someone who didn't admit that very ofte. "Aladia, I'm Aladia. Don't -" a pause, searching for the right words. Then a statement, blank, devoid of any emotion, the pressure of growing panic successfully repressed. "You don't remember."
Aladia. The name tickled her memory. An imaginary friend? Had she gone crazy?

Fred thought back, feeling like she could remember. She could remember how she used to play pretend, used to write story after story, filling up shelves and shelves of since lost journals and notebooks. But, did she remember any of it being this real.
There were a few options here. One, none of this was real, and she was dreaming. She hadn't had that dream the night before, or the one before that, or any in this past week. those were all dream memories, and shed forget them as soon as she woke up.
Option two, was that it had all actually happened, and she was going crazy. She often pondered that this was right around the age that people developed mental disorders, schizophrenia, bipolar, personality, what have you. So possibly, she had lost her mind and was actually awake right now and would probably be locked up very very soon.
Option three, well, the very thought of options three made her feel silly and light headed like she was on a very tall cliff looking down at a landscape that had fallen into impressionist colors, was that it was all real. And that the memories of aladia (a fortress, dogs, carts and dirty smiling families, climbing through walls, sleeping in a room with a single window, a window with a shelf), they were real, not made up, not dream memories at all.

"Aladia," Fred whispered the world. Or the body, the body has whispered the word. The body had moved. Frozen lips, opening in a prayer.

Aladia's heart beat faster.

Slowly, she opened her eyes.



---------------------------------- New Chapter - Lisa
Lisa walked down the cold, mostly empty street. Only mostly empty, cars passed, a cop car had stopped and a cop recently entered a Dunkin Donuts she was walking past with his gun out. Lisa kept walking. The three am almost solitude was enough.

She had quit her job. After taking a week off, she had come back to a mountain of work and an entire kingdom of drama. One of the partners had dropped out and now they couldn't use the slogan they were going to in the advertising and all the logos would have to be changed and they were the only reason they were even using this color scheme, where were the designers, they'd have to make a whole new one and this was supposed to have been to print yesterday where had she been.
For a second, she braced herself, heart in her throat, ready to dive in and sort things out. Ready to assign tasks and go through mockups and organize a schedule so that it could, in fact, seem like it had gone out yesterday. She had that art opening tonight but she could always skip it, or just go late. She could pregame at the office while getting her work done and, and, and. And she took a deep breath. And she had said no. She went to her office area, the whole room was an open floor layout office so she and the other project managers had their own table by the windows near the kitchen.
She spent a few hours reorganzing tasks, calmly letting everyone know exactly what they had to do to get this project out. She didn't follow up with any of them to make sure they were actually doing the assignments she'd sent out, following the feedback she'd shared.
She walked over to the hallway glass doors that housed the office executives, and knocked on her boss's door. She'd motioned with her long red fingernails, and pointed to the gaudy red chair that sat in front of her desk. Lisa sat, heart thumping loudly as her boss talked on the phone, smiling enthusiastically through her bright red lipstick. The whole room was like a damn cherry. Lisa had always hated this room. She'd found it hard to focus during meetings in here, too bright, too sparkly.
"Yes, yes love, I can't wait, I'm so glad. Of course, of course, have a fantastic day."
She hung up, and swiveled her chair over to Lisa. "That was the partnerships director at Pepsi, she said, pushing her hand through her big curls, fixing a strand that had gotten loose from the nest.
"Oh good."
"What's up darling?"
"Well, Barb," fuck, Lisa thought to herself. Why hadn't I planned what I was going to say? I've been such a damn zombie. I should have wrote a letter. Fuck goddamnit, I need to get out of here, write a letter, and then come back. Do I have to wait until tomorrow then? What if I lose my nerve? Fuck fuck fuck goddamnit.
"Barb, I can't do this anymore. My last day is March 13th."
Barb's smile evaporated right away. She looked concerned, she'd always tried to play at being their mom, but Lisa could tell she was also pissed. How dare she, right before their busy season. Sorry Barb, that doesn't have anything to do with me anymore.
"Is it a competitor? Lisa, you should have come to - I mean, I'm happy for you," her smile came back on, like she'd flipped a swtich. "Where are you going, what's your next adventure?"
"Well," Lisa stumbled. Next job, she'd have to prepare for this conversation. Do a damn google search, read some articles or blogs on the subject, talk to someone, do something. "I don't really know what I'm doing next."
Barb kept smiling, but Lisa could see the kindness go out of her eyes. Something about the way they tightened, got closer to her eyebrows.
"Oh," was all she said. And then she got into the logistics about Lisa'd departure, all very smoothly, all very business like. Lisa let herself be washed away with a process that had been done many times before to many other people. She had done it. She was free.

She still had a week left. The last week had gone by in an absolute blur, filled with congratudations and pats on the back and promises to stay in touch and people sending her resumes of potential people to take her place and junior project managers sucking up to her like she had any sort of opinion about what would happen next. Actually, she thought as she walked down the street, staring up at the clear sharp sky, she might have some say, if she could muster the energy to fight for someone. But she had trouble imagining something less important than who would take her spot after she left. She no longer had it in her heart to care about the corporate ad-making machine, it had kept her up (or woken her up, covered in sweat, sure she had forgotten some follow up or email or deadline), too many nights already.

Now that she had quit, she was able to look back with a bit of distance and see that this had been on its way for a while now. It had been happening since this most recent Thanksgiving, when she had had to miss Thanksgiving. Everyone had had off, everyone, everyone else had gone home for a week (they had a competitively good holiday package). But not her, she hadn't at the time, and before the last fatefuly Thursday hadn't before either, learned the power of saying 'no', so Barb had had her on a 'very important project' for a 'very powerful client.' And she missed it. She missed going home. She missed seeing her parents' brick home in Richmond Virginia with the now empty flowerpots out front. She missed their dog, Sarah, with her floppy ears and curly fur and excitement when she walked in the door. She missed her neice! Her neice - six years old now, practically an entire person. She probably had opinions now and everything, and she had missed all of it. All to essentially babysit a group of rowdy and usually drunk video editor men who alteranetly hit on her and ignored her, as she tried to get them finish up so she could go home and start drinking herself.
That was when the resentment had really started to solidify, and after that it only got worse. She pretended to love the overtime, love her coworkers and the time (and time and time and time) they spent together, sometimes even having office sleepovers. And in some cases she did! But all the time on the screen had her feeling worse and worse.

Lisa mulled over what she'd do this last week. People had already started making jokes about how checked out she was. She wasn't, of course, but she did feel like she was in a bit of a fog. Everything, every task, felt like it was far away, and took extra mental energy for her to catch her thinking up to whatever it was her fingers were typing or her body was doing. Even at the gym, she felt behind every time the exercise changed in her kickboxing class. She couldn't keep the beat. Everything was throwing her off.

She couldn't believe how quickly the week had gone. She still had no idea what she was doing after. Just to see how hard t was (or so she convinced herself last week), she'd set up an airbnb account to rent out her Brooklyn one bedroom. It had been disarmingly easy, and she couldn't believe the prices of the apartments around her. Would someone really pay her three-hundred dollars for a night in her apartment? It seemed absurd. But she had checked 'open' at first (again, just to see what would happen), and she had gotten two requests the very first night. She freaked out and switched it to closed again. But at least she knew that she'd have a way to pay her rent once the next week was up.

Lisa got to the park that she and her friends had often gone to when she had first moved to Brooklyn. She hadn't even realized she was coming here, this little hidden park that didn't close. She laid down on the grass and remembered the time she had been rolling, and snuck off from the group to lay in this exact spot, eyes closed, fingers out.

She laid the same way now, staring up at where the stars would be. You could still make out some, there was Orion, making his rounds across the sky. She didn't know the story, but she liked to think that he was up there fighting some especially gruesome sky monsters.

She closed her eyes and let her mind drift, riding time deeper and deeper into the night.


---------------------------------- New Chapter - Aladia
Aladia opened her eyes.
Slowly at first, her eyelids were heavy, they felt like great weights, like something she had very little control over. But they opened. Everything around her was colors, great blotches of color mixing together.
Like an impressionist painting, she heard Fred say in her mind. She had absolutely no idea what Fred was talking about. Fred had been making very little sense since she had woken up, and to be quite frank, was making an already weird and potentially terrible much weird and the terrible much less "potentially". She, apparently, had lost her memory, and had no idea who Aladia was. Which was strange, but Fred had always made very little sense in the context of the rest of her life, so further strangeness was to be anticipated. She had often told Lo that the least interesting thing about Fred's life was Fred. Fred, often listening, would 'hrumph' internally. Maybe she was just trying to be more interesting to convince her otherwise.
Aladia blinked a few more times, and then, with great effort, as though her body was covered in hardened mud, brought her hand up to her eyes, and rubbed them. Ice crystals caked off, mixed with sleep.
She pushed herself up. Each movement was easier, if a bit creakier than she was used to, than the last. Her body felt too long, her arms kept hitting things earlier than she expected, her head felt too high above where she was sitting.
She heard Fred sigh internally, and caught a thought about what a psych ward would be like. More nonsense, she had to block her out and make sense here. The first thought, really, should have been that she was in some sort of danger, but Aladia had been safe her whole life, she knew everyone. What danger could she possibly be in right now?
She searched the room around her, growing more in focus by the second. She seemed to be in a bed right in the middle of a perfectly round room. The room was made of gray bricks, covered by three tapestries. One, over the bed, showed an old tree, gnarled and covered in red flowers. A hole broke up the inside, scoured into its flesh. It looked like a screaming mouth. Had she been sleeping under that? It gave her chills.
The other tapestry was of a girl, walking under a cave that looked like it was made of water. She was in profile, very pale, with a too-long and too-grand cape fastened onto her shoulders.
The third showed a woman with long red hair, standing in a room made of ice, fire in her eyes, all dressed in red. In the tapestry was the same cape that the girl was wearing on her back, but it lay in tatters at her feet. She was looking directly out from the tapestry, and Aladia looked away, not wanting to make eye contact with this intense and beautiful tapetry woman for any longer than necessary. She felt a power in her that she wasn't ready to confront just yet, not when she had just woken up.
The rest of the room was mostly empty. A trunk stood at the foot of her bed, and a great wardrobe stood in front of her. There was one door to her right, partially covered by the tapestry of the woman, and no windows. Well, okay, nothing to be worried about, Aladia told herself matter of factly. Someone probably found you asleep and moved you here to sleep so you'd be more comfortable. Marie, probably. She didn't want someone finding me and embarassing the whole Fortress.

Well, I guess it's time to wake up and find everyone, she thought to herself, pondering the strangeness of this room and situation. And of Fred, but she continued to ignore her. Every time she listened in, Fred was just talking nonsense to herself, and she felt absolutely no desire to intervene on that cycle of strangeness.

She pulled herself out of bed all in one motion, the way her and Lo would when they were woken up by the sun coming in through their window in the morning. Feet out, jump up.

She regretted it immidiately. When had it gotten so cold? Her feet hit on the floor and almost slid off. The floor was made of wood, and so cold that it had grown slippery and strange. She looked down at herself, realizing she had no memory of what she had even been wearing when she'd fallen asleep, and got a couple of surprises.

The first, was that she was naked, and her skin prickled and bumped with cold. The hair over her body stood straight up.

The second surprise was that it wasn't her body at all! She had woken up in some strange grown up body. She looked down at herself, stretched out and wide and covered in hair. None of it made any sense. She rubbed her hands along this strange body in awe. She brought them back, and saw that her hair was long, reaching nearly down to her knees. It was dark, dark brown, much darker than she remembered hers being (although it was never long enough to get a really good look at it, not like she was now, with these handfuls and handfuls of it.)

"Oh Fred!" she exclaimed, hoping Fred was done with whatever conversation she had been having with herself. "Look at me! How exciting." This was an adventure, she decided. At least she was still herself, and Fred was still there, so everything was the same, except for this beautiful new body she'd been placed in while she was sleeping. She was eager to see what she looked like. She'd find Lo and make her explain it in detail. Or she'd go to the lake, and get the exact right angle, and stare at herself for hours and hours. She'd never owned her own brush before! Maybe all this hair was the perfect excuse to get one that was all hers. She imagined that brushing this hair would take entire morning, entire days. She'd learn to braid it like that ladies from the south who visited from time to time.

"Aladia, I think, I think I remember. Maybe, I'm not sure. I could still be crazy. But maybe, just maybe," Fred's voice trailed off in disbelief, getting quieter until she was left in silence again. Well fine, she'd admire her new magical hair all on her own.

Aladia matter of factly wrapped herself in the quilt that she'd been sleeping under (it's hardly mussed, she marveled, she must have been sleeping like a corpse), and went to go open the door, trying her best not to touch the strange tapestry hanging slightly over it.

The door was locked.

Well, that's certainly strange. Another strange this. Aladia felt her heart drop, how many strange impossible things were supposed to happen today. She decided that if three more happened, that would be her absolute limit, and she'd be right back off to sleep.

What else was there to explore in this little, new, mystery room? Hmm, there were two mysteries here actually, which to focus on first. There was the fact that she had been trasnported into a new body, and there was this mystery bedroom. She sat back on the bed, pondering both. She supposed the first one could be chalked up to magic. There wasn't really any magic in the world she was a part of, but it often took place in Pete's lessons and histories. Far far back.
'Why is magic always far far back,' Fred asked, a bit snidely. Shush Fred, thought Aladia, I'm solving a mystery here.

So, if she assumed the body switching or morphing or whatever was a magic trick, did she think it was a permanent magic trick, or something that was going to fade, or go away in time. Was it reversible? It wasn't something that felt like it mattered all that much, Aladia had never been the biggest fan of her gangly messy body, but it did seem like something she should know to be prepared for. Aladia tried out certain things with it, to see if it felt permanent or not. She jumped up and down (which hurt quite a bit actually, she had to hold her firm new breasts with her hands to successfully jump as high as she could), she stretched, her legs up and then her arms. It all felt pretty normal, but then, she wasn't sure what spells were supposed to feel like.

Permanent but reversible, she decided, based admittedly on very little.

Now it was time to explore the room. The wardrobe took up the bulk of it, and was the only thing left to really explore. It seemed too obvious, so she took her time going over there. She spent the time before it scouring the floor, looking for cracks or trap doors. She ran her fingers over the wooden panels, but they seemed pretty solid. She ran her fingers along the bed, looking for switches, clues, anything. She found nothing, everything was pristine.

She walked over the wardrobe, bummed that she had come to it so quickly. How was she going to entertain herself once she'd gone through this last mystery? She opened the doors. Inside were large fur coats, and great velvet and lace dresses, with lacing up the back. Things much grander than anything she had ever known. It was fully of them. There were capes, and on the top were large caps. And brushes! Oh, and here she thought she'd have nothing to entertain herself with until someone came and got her. She'd be able to brush her hair for days and days. She considered calling out to Fred, asking her if she could believe it, cooing with her over the beautiful things (and so beautiful! Things that were so out of reach of her regular life, she couldn't even believe it), but she decided that that grump didn't deserve to play with these beautiful things until she started acting more like herself again.

She laid her hands on the fabrics. Would they fit her? Would she get in trouble if she put one on? It was a dilemma. If the lady whose room this actually was came back, would she know? Could Aladia pretend that she had come wearing this dress? Or was this just a storage room? Or a magic room! That was probably it. She was probably in this body as long as she was in this magic room, and these clothes were in the same vein. Magical clothes that were put here just for her, and which would evaporate as soon as she left. Well that's perfect!, she thought, as soon as someone comes to get me I'll probably just transform into my own body again along with whatever clothes I was wearing.

Aladia thought back to what had happened the day before, that might help solve this mystery. She left the wardrobe for the time being, closing the doors, putting off deciding what to wear for a bit (because, getting dressed might break the spell, and she wanted a bit more time to solve the mystery first).

She thought back to last night, but found that the whole thing was fuzzier than she had expected it to be. She could remember falling asleep, but wasn't sure which memory was the closest one! Had she had this problem before, and just forgotten about it? There was the time she had fallen asleep before Lo, going upstairs, sneaking, before all her chores were done to hide under the covers. No one had come to wake her up. Maybe this was some kind of chore not doing punishment.
Or was it the night that she had decided she was sleeping outside, and brought blankets up to the top of the stone walls, curling up with them, watching the stars dance around the dome of the sky.
No, last night had been the party, she thought to herself. Yes, that was it. The most recent night was when that Southern (hunting party, what were they? Why had they been traveling so far north?) group of ladies and men, royalty some of them, or at least that's what Marie had said. There was dinner, and that strange man. Where had she fallen asleep? She couldn't remember going back to her bed, but that was something that happened so often that maybe it didn't get its own memory each night. Maybe it was just something that happened by default and got stuck in her memory the same way each time.
but, no, she hadn't. There had been a strange man there, hadn't there been? Yes, that smelly old man. She'd been scared of him. Now why on earth had she been scared? Probably because she wasn't supposed to be talking to anyone. She hoped he hadn't said anything, Marie would be so mad at her when she got back if he had.
And what had happened? She hadn't slept in her bed, she remembered now. She'd been hiding. She'd gone to sleep in one of the deeper rooms in the castle, one of the warmer storage rooms. Well, that had to be it, she thought matter of factly. I must have fallen asleep in a haunted room. How silly of me. Once I get dressed I'll be sure to yell as loud as possible so someone from outside can hear me and rescue me.

With that mystery much more comfortably closer to solved, Aladia went back to the closet to choose what to wear when her captor came to save her (not that it mattered so much, the close would probably disappear with a pop as soon as the door opened, but just in case they didn't Aladia wanted to be decent.)
The clothes were grand, absolutely beautiful. The shimmered like sunset on water, or were deep, like the mud in the lake outside of the fortress.
Where would she even wear one of these dresses? It felt a bit like someone was making fun of her.
In the corner of the closet, she discovered something magical. Soft, shimmering bed clothes. There was one, a long gown that closed around her neck. The fabric felt like nothing she had ever touched before, it felt like someone had spin golden water into thread into a night gown.
Aladia suddenly realized she was, in fact, still very very tired.
But you've just woken up, she told herself.
How long have I been asleep?
Aladia took the night gown, and put it over her head. She pulled her new beautiful hair out from the neck. It fit her perfectly, she wished there was some way to see herself, she was sure she looked incredible.
She laid the quilt back onto the bed, meeting the corner of the quilt to the corners of the bed (habits die hard), and laid back to sleep.


------------------------------- New Chapter - New Character / POV / Time period (20 min word sprint)

The group of them watched her from the flat pool in the center of the table. It lapped on the ends, always seeming like it was about to fall before hissing back into the flat surface. It was solid and shimmering, like frozen oil, coming unfrozen at the edges. Like a melting ice cream cake, mixed with grime and slush.

'She's awake,' one said, breaking the silence. There were twelve of them, each wearing a different elaborate mask. Some were frozen in the shape of misery, others smiling frighteningly and maliciously with great teeth and slits for eyes. One, the large man standing on the step of an enourmous chair made out of the stone of the cave around them, wore a mask that look like it had been melted. Any human features were melted together, creating a sculpture of candle wax, with enormous thumbrints for eyes.

'It's early,' a woman's voice said, shrill and sure. 'I have it written down. She's not to be up for two more winters yet.'

'I agree,' said another. 'Let's put her back to sleep and come back when we've planned to, I'm sure we all have better things to be doing.'

'Do you think that this is in our control,' said a man wearing a mask with a pointed noise that made him look remarkably like a chipmunk. 'If we didn't wake her up, the forces must have. The same ones that created her, we don't have the power -'

'We don't know who created her,' the first woman said. Her voice sounded distinctly like she as rolling her eyes. For all we know, she was just born like everyone - '

She was interrupted by another woman, 'None of them are born,' the word born was elongated, stretched out, said like taffy.

Voices started to speak up, covering each other, scrambling in their quest to be heard.

'It's too late, obviously'
'and doomed, that's right'
'There's nothing to be done, just'
'I can't see what the fuss is about'
'one girl, and she doesn't even'

The man on the stone steps waited, until the voices died down.

He spoke quietly. As soon as the first word left his mouth, there was utter silence from those around him. It was as though someone had smothered their flames. If someone else was in the room, they'd even be able to hear their breath it was so silent. A footstep would have sounded like a jackhammer.

'This is not a debate.' His voice project throughout the room, echoing back off the stone walls. 'No matter who woke her up, she's awake now. And we aren't the only ones who know about it.' A chill went through the room, the water on the table frosted over on the top. In the picture, Aladia, wrapped in a quilt, shivered. 'Now,' he continued 'There are only a few options here. Either, we can keep watching her, and hope for the best. Or,' he paused, no one moved, no one breathed. 'Or, we can go get her, and make sure that this doesn't change any schedules.' He said it calmly. The room grew hotter, everyone seemed unsure of what to do next.

'I can go -' someone started.

The mask turned to them, and they grew silent, a sound catching in their throat at the end of their sentence. 'I won't be bothered with your logistics,' he said, his voice low and menacing. 'But I expect this to be made right. Meeting adjurned.'

He turned and walked into the darkness of the cave, leaving the group of them, looking like lost children, in the cavern alone.




--------------------------------- New Chapter - In which Fred has a dream, wakes up, and finds a psychic on the streets of new orleans who helps her understand what's going on and then sells her a piece of rock.


Her one dream ended as she, or well, this girl (Aladia?) drifted off to sleep. She felt her drifting back off effortlessly (she envied that, Fred had such terrible insomnia, often showing up to work three or four days in a row without any sleep, growing increasingly useless and grumpy each day), and braced herself for waking up in her own body, in her own life.

Instead, in the way that dreams do, it pooled and shifted into something else. Another scene, another place, another dream. In this dream, she was in a dark, dark room. There was a light coming out of the middle, she could see dust motes floating up and around, dust particles dancing up in the wind and light from this crack. She walked over, and put her eye through it. Through the crack, she could see a room. It looked like a kitchen, but everything was made out of rock. An old, old woman stood by the fire, and a gray cat lay curled on a rocking chair in front of it. The woman was large, with a gray cloak around her shoulders. On her head, her hair was wrapped in a rag of some kind, keeping it out of her face. It was gray and long, framing her shoulders and the side of her head like straw, like a rag doll. The fire sizzled, and grew huge, reaching up into the rock and making it glow orange.
The smoke from the fire curled down and around, covering the floor of the room like a carpet. The fire was making noises, sizzling, speaking. It sounded like it was speaking.
To Fred's disbelief, the woman answered. She strained to hear what they were saying. The cat meowed loudly, alert and sharp. The woman turned her head and looked directly at Fred. Fred gasped and stepped back. Her eyes had taken up too much of her face, nearly the entire top half. They were shining round globes, entirely black. And her mouth, her mouth was an empty maw, a rotting black hole. The half of her nose that had been facing away from Fred before was missing, rotted off.

Fred gasped as the woman started laughing, her laughter bouncing off the room around her. She woke up breathing heavily and covered in sweat, feeling like she was still being watched. She looked around, the girls had left. She was in the room alone, feeling strange surrounded by empty beds.


Fred was reeling from the night before. How could a dream take up that much time, stepping linearly through it. Why was she in someone else's head?
She went running, something pretty rare, to try and take her mind off the whole thing.
It didn't help, and before she knew it, she found herself in the square, the one with the famous bignets and the walls and walls of artists selling strange art. She held her sides, what was she thinking, going off like this. She laughed at herself, like she had somewhere better to be. She must look an absolute mess, she caught people glancing at her before quickly looking away when she turned to them. She must have, she realized, she hadn't even looked in a mirror this morning, she must look absolutely distraught. She caught a glimpse of herself in a shop window, hair mostly loose from her ponytail and wild around her face, her eyes dark and tired, she looked haggard. People must think she was a homeless person, what was wrong with her. She realized she had jumped out of bed and put shoes and shorts on and started running without even brushing her teeth. She was about to turn back and go do the things that people do to get ready to be part of civilized society, when someone called out to her from the square in front of the church.

'You, girl,' the voice said. Oh great, Fred thought to herself, what do you want from me.

But when she looked over, she saw that it was an old lady, sitting on a small table right in front of the church, part of a line of about three other people, all facing forward with various tools (crystal balls, crystals, tarot cards), ready to tell tourists all the things that were going to happen to them in the next week to year to lifetime of their lives.

She walked over hesitantly. She had never really liked psychics, or the idea of them. That there were people that, if you just had enough money, could bend the laws of reality that the rest of us mortals had to follow and live in, and put your mind at ease. Fred, who never had enough money, had no interest in handing some over so someone else could make up information about her life. She had enough things to worry about the future on her own thank you very much. She had only gone to a psychic once, a tarot card reader at her friend Jessica's sweet sixteen. That woman had told her that she was going to be married by twenty five. Thanks lady, she thought to herself, that's in about 4 months. I'll let you know.

This woman didn't look anything like that other 'reader' sitting in that church closet on April twenty fourth 2006. That woman had been wearing too much makeup and had big black hair covered in a jeweled headbank and wore glimmering fabrics all around her, trying to look magical, or something. Her nail had been long and sharpened, with a jewely attached to the middle of each one. The whole thing had been dramatic, everything except for the actual woman. She had looked kind of bored the entire time.

This woman wasn't anything like that. She was unassuming, her gray hair tied into a bun on the back of her head. She was smiling kindly, dressed in a leather vest and long gray dress. On her table she didn't have anything except a table cloth and a row of shining white crystals.

'You look tired,' she told Fred, smiling. 'Why don't you take a seat.'

Fred laughed at her, not unkindly. 'I don't have any money.'

'Well that's quite alright, I don't have any customers at the moment.'

Fred shook her head, wiped the sweat that had accumulated on her brow, and sat down on the stool in front of this woman's table.

'I haven't seen someone like you in a long time.'

'What do you mean?'

'The energy that's coming off of you. I knew someone with that energy once, I long time ago. I knew him quite well in fact.'

'Him?'

'Oh yes. This was a very long time ago mind you. A very, very long time ago.'

Fred stared on, unsure what to say.

'Oh, I'm sorry. I'm just reminiscing. They were such times. There was such power then, through people, through the earth.'

Fred stayed silent. She tried to focus through a haze of tired that had been surrounding her like gauze since she had woken.

'Not that there's not power now, no no no. There is, but it's hidden. Back then, it was on display for everyone to see and get their fingers in. There was nothing like it.' She looked at Fred, her eyes young and sharp, though surrounded by puffy eyelids and an unsolveable maze of wrinkles branching out and around. 'This young man, with his aura, the same one that you're so carelessly carrying around. He, he had power like no one had ever seen.'

'What happened to him?'

'He died. Quite young. He became a target.'

Was this meant to be a warning? Fred suddenly felt too hot, the feeling of being watched she had had from this morning took over her again. 'I think I have to go,' she stood up. She was terrible at leaving when people made eye contact and told her to stay, it was why she avoided most sales situations.

In this situation she was too late. 'Wait,' the woman shot her hand out and grabbed Fred's wrist. Her grip was strong, her palm dry and soft. 'I don't know who you are, but I know that whatever you're doing, you're not safe. Please, sit down.' Her voice was urgent now. 'Only for a moment, I'm going to give you something.'

Fred sat. The feeling of being too hot hadn't gone away, she felt light headed and struggled to focus on the woman and table in front of here. Now would not be a good time to faint, she told herself. Keep it together.

'People are going to be able to see you now. There are more of us than you can imagine. You've been to the other side, and it's on you like a stench. Now, I don't know what you're playing with, or playing at, but the rest of us have been leaving it alone for a long time, and last thing anyone needs is a child like you messing up the balance of things again.' She spat the word child. Why was this woman being so mean?

'I haven't been anywhere,' Fred promised. 'Haven't done anything. I'm - I'm on a road trip. I'm visiting my mom.' The woman's eyes narrowed. 'In California. The only side I've been to is New York, I promise.' Her danger meter was way off. This is why I don't go on dates with strange men, Fred thought to herself, now I can't sit at tables with old women either.

Her hand loosened on Fred's wrist. 'I don't want to see you again,' she told her, each word a blow. 'I don't know how you ended up with your fingers in what you did. I don't know what decisions you've made in your life, or if you're as naive as you claim. I don't care. Get out of my city.' Fred scooched the chair back, unsure. 'Now,' the woman said, the word sharp as a dagger.

Fred stood up on unsteady feet, and (don't faint, she told herself, don't faint, don't be followed, let's go let's go, one foot and then the other, come on) stumbled away as quickly as she could. She ran around the corner, hailed a cab, and fell into the air conditioning filled back with reflief. She gasped, trying to get air into her lungs, she felt like she hadn't breathed the entire time she was at that table.

Fred gave the address of the hostel, and put her forehead on the cool glass of the window, and closed her eyes.



----------------- In which Lisa calls Fred and learns what's been going on
That same night, Lisa called Fred after work. Another day that had passed in a blur with too much to do.

The conversation started with strange small talk. Fred's voice sounded far away and a little weak. What had happened?

'Are you okay?' she asked.

'Yes. Yes, of course. Things have just been a little strange.'

'Where are you?'

'New Orleans.'

'Strange how? Like normal New Orleans strange?'

'Like, way stranger.'

'Here too. I quit my job,' Lisa told her, voice flat.

'Thank god.'

'I know. That had really stolen my soul for a second there.'

'Just about.'

'I'm sorry about that.'

'Whatever dude, it's your life.'

Silence.

'So what do you mean by weird?'

'A woman basically assaulted me today at that square in front of the church, where all those fortune tellers are.'

'Near the square with the bignets?'

'That exact one. Right by the waterfront. It was one of the psychic ladies. She was super super old. She called me over, and grabbed my arm, and told me all this shit about my aura, and ordered me to get out of her city.'

'Her city? Like all of New Orleans? Like she owns it?'

'Yeah, I dunno, it actually sort of shook me up.'

'Don't let it, she sounds crazy. You know that city is teeming with drug addicts. What about that guy who followed us when we were there for Mardi Gras, promising us that he had bars of gold back at his apartment to give us.'

'Yeah,' she could hear Fred smiling through the phone. 'That was pretty weird.'

'Don't leave New Orleans because she told you to, that's absurd. No one owns New Orleans. Colonization is over. Tell her that if she talks to you again. Say, colonization is over lady, you don't own shit you didn't pay for. Welcome to capitalism land.'

'I'll be sure to tell her those exact words.' The line was quiet for a second. 'It's not just that Lis. I've been having these dreams. They started in Alabama, but they really came to a head last night. They're kind of starting to freak me out.'

'Really? Are you okay? Are they nightmares?' She paused, wanting to find a fix for her friend, wanting to fix everything that had happened between her and Fred since they moved to New York, wanted a fix for how sad Fred seemed every goddamn time they hung out, wanted a fix for all of it. Wanted a fix to go back before their lives had gotten so very very strange (also, possibly, called growing up.) "You can always come back, you know. To New York. You have friends to stay with. If things are getting too weird out on your own."

Fred laughed on the other line. "It's not that, the dreams aren't a delusion. At least I don't think so. They've been happening every single night. I never feel like I'm getting any sleep."

'The same dream?'

'Sort of. It's like, one continuous dream. For a while, I was just dreaming that I was asleep, but like, in a different room, in a different body. Every night, I would fall asleep, and dream I was in this other place, not quite asleep but not quite awake.'

'Definitely weird.'

'I know. And then, last night, the person in the dream, well, she woke up. And she was a person, with thoughts, and she did things. It was all so continuous, nothing like any dream I've ever been in.'

'Hmm, I mean, see if it happens again tonight.'

'And then, there was a nightmare,' said Fred, remembering. 'At the end, right before I woke up. I dreamt, I dreamt I was in a cave. And there was a cat, and a fire, and a woman, an old old woman.'

'Maybe she was the woman from today. Maybe it was like a warning.'

Fred stayed quiet, thinking about it. Was it? Was it possible? They had both been old, but, no, the woman today had been so small, the woman in her dream was huge, she took up nearly the entire room in Fred's memory. And those eyes, those red eyes.

'Fred? Fred, I was kidding.'

'I think I'm gonna go Lis, I'm feeling pretty tired.'

'I'm gonna come.'

'What?'

'I'm gonna come road trip with you, for the last of it. Keep you sane. Where are you going to be in a week?'

'Maybe at Max's. I have no idea. I'm sure Max would be totally into you coming and hanging out though.'

'I'll call you in five days.'

'Bye dude.'

'Bye. Stay, like, sane. Okay? At least until I see you again.'

'I'll try my best.'

The phone hung up, leaving Lisa listening to static before she put her phone down and stood in the middle of her apartment, wondering what on earth she was going to do now.



--------------- In which a strange boy rescues Aladia and takes her outside through the forest to a mystery location in the south.

Aladia woke up, and stretched her arms out. Where was she? Oh, that's right, she remembered. She was in this magical room with its magical clothes and magical new body. She was reminded by the silk night she was still wrapped in.

It was still beautiful, but had gotten twisted around her legs while she slept.

Well, I suppose now that I've spent a day exploring, I should spend a day getting ready, Aladia though, stretching hugely.

She put her feet down on the floor, one at a time, bracing for the chill and feeling it with a slight thrill down her spine when she felt it. Why would they build a floor like this somewhere that was going to get so cold!

She walked over to the wardrobe. Now, which dress to choose.

Aladia had decided, while sleeping (through a dream? who knew, it didn't matter. Maybe she was just able to know these things, possibly she had a knack for enchantment. She felt Fred's feeling that she was being absurd. Go away Fred, and come back when you have better ideas. Hramph.)

She stood in front of the wardrobe, touching the different fabrics, imagining which ones would fit, what the would look like. They were all far to nice. They all seemed like they would fit perfectly.

There was the green one with its velvet fabric, like moss. It would cover her body like a tree, warming her up, creating a fur over her skin. There was a purple one, purple! Aladia had only ever seen purple in the wildflowers that grew outside, the idea of having it in clothing was too grand to even imagine. It had lace on the sleeves and collar, coming up to her neck in little pearl colored buttons, shimmering, like little eggs. There was a white dress, absolutely beautiful, going down to the floor and made of a material that crinkled when she touched it. It had embroidery, rich and dancing and lined, and certain points along the skirt and sleeves. A white dress, Aladia marveled. Absurd, really. The idea of wearing white, it would be dirty the second she stepped outside. But still.

She hadn't pulled any of them out yet, was still running her hands over them, pulling each one aside on its enormous hanger. She couldn't decide yet, there were too many.

Instead, she took the brush that was laying on a shelf at the top, stood on her toes to just be able to grab it, sat back on the warm bed, and brushed out her hair. That in itself took about half an hour. She just had so much of it, and the tangles! Whosever body this was wasn't taking very good care of their hair.

Once it was brushed out and shining like silk, she put the brush back, and felt on the top of the wardrobe for more surprises. There were more things, beautiful white clips probably made of bone, chiseled with elaborate designs. There were small wire crowns and dangling jewels. She wasn't sure what to do with any of them. She took the least elabroate hair clip and pushed her hair out of her face, clipped her hair away from her head. There, she thought. That'll do for now.

And now the clothes! This was going to be more complicated than she had originally imagined. The smallclothes looked like small torture devices, corsets and snaps and strange things that looked like they were supposed to go over her legs and arms. There was a wrap that seemed specifically for her stomach. To put under a corset maybe?

Aladia searched through and found some beige soft smallclothes, took her dress off, and put them over her body.


She was going to choose the easiest seeming dress to assemble, when she heard a crash. She turned around and made a sound, as she saw the door crash open. She scrambled, grabbing her night gown off the floor and putting it on back over her head as quickly as she could.

As she was fumbling, a man appeared on the top of the staircase. Damnit, how had she been wrong. It must be all the clothes that were enchanted. She'd had no idea! She thought that the spell would wait until she was fully dressed.

'Hello,' Aladia said, blushing a little bit. How impolite, for this strange man to be standing there while she was in bed clothes. Really he should turn and leave so she could get properly dressed. It doesn't matter, she reminded herself, a reprimand really. As soon as you get out of here you're going to be back in your body anyway. I suppose that's right. Maybe this man didn't see her in bed clothes at all, but saw her real body standing in a completely different room. How strange the way this magic might work.

The man barged into the room (without asking! or asking if she was okay. If she had other options for someone saving her she would have taken them over this strange rude man in a moment.)

'Excuse me, would you please save me once I've gotten dressed?' Aladia asked in a voice that she thought came across surprisingly polite, given the circumstances.

'There's not time,' this man said in his gruff voice.

Aladia laughed. Time? She'd been here for days and days! 'I don't think that there's going to be some made scramble to come save me. Please, just turn around, you don't even have to leave -'

'I said there's no time,' he said gruffly. 'I'm not asking.' He went over to the wardrobe, and grabbed the first jacket he saw, and boots from the bottom. His hands were filthy, and the made the beautiful clothes dirty wherever he even breathed on them. Aladia considered making a last ditch hero effort to save some of them, not for herself, but just because such beautiful things seemed to deserve to be saved. 'Here, put these on,' he passed the boots and jacket roughly into her arms.

'What if I don't,' she stared directly into his eyes.

'I'll carry you out exactly as you are now, and hope that you don't die out there.'

Aladia, saw that there was no hope in fighting with this large dirty man, sighed, put the jacket and shoes on, making a point of not rushing, and stood up, hand on her hip. The jacket she had chosen for her was huge and covered in fur, the boots were a bit too fine to be real traveling boots, the leather was soft and warm on her feet.

'Okay, let's go.'

Aladia started walking towards the door, and the large man grabbed her roughly, not allowing her to get further. 'What exactly do you want from me,' Aladia snapped at him. This was basically the worst rescue that had ever happened to anyone. Probably.

'Not that way. We can't go out the way we came in.'

'Why not?'

He didn't answer. 'Well then what?' Aladia asked? 'Do we go through the wall.'

The man seemed tired. Tired of her speaking, as well as tired in general. He pointed to the wardrobe.

Inside her head, Fred started cracking up laughing. What, she asked her, annoyed that this man was being the worst rescuer ever and now Fred was in on some joke she didn't understand.

It's like Narnia, Fred answered. We're going to Narnia. Of course we are.

It didn't seem like she was going to be given a further explanation from either of them. Aladia was so frustrated she felt like she was going to scream. She didn't. Instead, she took a deep breath, pushed the clothes aside, and walked into the back of the wardrobe.


At first, it just seemed like a regular wardrobe, until she discovered a slit in the left at about waist level. She let go of a breath she had been holding onto when she found it, she was secretly worried that this strange man might have been getting her into the wardrobe just to close and lock the door or something. That really would have been the worst rescue ever.

That's quite strange, Aladia thought, reflecting on the past few days. I haven't eaten or drank anything at all. I should be very well dead already.

The door opened into a hallway. She could feel and hear a breeze coming through it, a cold wind. It was dark and dry, the floor was covered in wood chips and something that seemed like sand.

The man made a sound behind her, an impatient harumph. She stepped into the dark hallway. At the end were stairs up. How strange, hadn't the stairs at the doorway that the man walked in on been down? She had imagined she was in a tower, but she supposed that there could be any kind of building that this room was a part of. It could be part of a maze, or a great underground complex, or it could be on its own. A little hut with a secret inside or below. Me, she thought, I'm the secret. No, the prison was the secret.

As she walked up the stairs, leaving the enchantment of the room behind, she realized that she was, in fact, famished.

The stairs felt like they went up forever. She walked until her legs hurt. Each step felt further up than the last, bringing her up into colder and colder air. She was in total darkness, she had to feel each step before she could risk stepping up, they were wildly different, chipped and uneven. Finally, she realized that she had started to see the outlines of the stairs. She could see the shape of her hand and her arm.

And then, she was nearly out. She reached a wooden panel over her head, the light coming from the cracks in between.

She felt around. The man had fallen a bit behind her, so she was able to feel around for a latch without worrying about the impatient noises he was making.

She found it, and pushed the door open over her head. It didn't move at first, but she braced her knees and pushed her forearms against the top, and after a few seconds, jarring her, it got unstuck and cracked open. With great effort, she pushed the door up. It paused for a moment on its axis, and for a second she thought it was going to fall back on her head. She pulled herself up into an overhang. She was on a dirt floor, on a platform above an enourmous hall. Aladia had never seen anything like it, it stretched for what seemed like miles. It was bigger than ten of any room Aladia had ever seen. She could hardly see the other side, great stone walls surrounding them. There must be fifty fireplaces dispersed throughout the room.

The man pulled himself up behind her, breathing heavily.

'Fuck, gods damnit,' she heard him saying behind her. 'This isn't where I was told this let out.'

'Where are we,' Aladia asked in disbelief. What was this grand empty castle?

The man looked around, and saw a staircase leading downstairs. 'We need to get out of here. We needed to already be out of here.'

He grabbed Aladia at her waist, and hoisted her over his shoulder like a busshel of hay.

And he ran. He ran like a man being hunted. How did he know where to go, Aladia wondered to herself? He's a rescuer, of course he knows where to go. He's probably been studying this for years, planning to save me from that dungeon.

He ran through hallways, ducking through doors. He tried not to enter rooms, and when he did, he stayed near walls. And then, they were out. The sun was shining brightly off the thin layer of ice covering the ground. The man didn't stop running and put her down until they had reached the forests around. Aladia tried to look back and saw a pile of what looked like rubble behind her, great rubble, a whole town worth, maybe a whole city. The man grabbed her by her shoulders, and faced her away from it, gently but strongly, as though she was a child about to burn herself on a stove.

'We're alive,' he said. His voice was matter of fact, gruff, tired.

'Who was trying to kill us?' she asked. How could they possibly be in such a rush to get out of those seemingly empty ruins.

The man shivered and put his back to the ruins, and started walking, not bothering to see if Aladia was following. She, of course, having no idea where she was, followed.

'There were other people who wanted to get to you, at least that's what I was told.'

Aladia thought about that for a moment. So if she hadn't put up with this man, someone else, potentially someone a bit nicer, might have come rescued her. She could have put one of those beautiful warm dresses on. She imagined another rescuer showing up, and fighting each other to the death for the privelege of being the one to rescue her.

'I'm hungry.'

'Let's get some distance between us and that haunted place, and then we'll stop and set up camp.'

'Alright.'

They walked in silence for a while.

'Where are we going?'

The man didn't answer, only solidly plodded in front of her. Aladia followed in behind him, and walked in silence, as the sun set around them, and the forest fell into twilight.




//////////////////////// Emails Fred Sent Out the Day Before she Left New Orleans

Hi Mom,

Just a quick update, I'm heading out of New Orleans. I'm going to be going over to Austin. I had a great time. Visited that one church I told you about last time, walked along the water. I ate the best oysters, like you wouldn't believe.

Anyway, I miss you, love you. Talk to you soon.

Love,

Fred



Hi Lisa,

I'm doing okay. Hope you're not worried about me. I'll be going to Austin next. When do you finish work again? Well, looking forward to seeing you whenever.

I'm fine, really. Don't worry, focus on finishing up your work and what not. You worked so hard there, wouldn't want them to hate you because you sucked the last couple of days.

xoxo,

Fred



And to max, she sent a single text message.

NOLA -> Austin, getting closer by the day! see you soon.
Chapter Exerpt - Part 4 - Made up of journal entries, pieces created in the margins of papers and carved onto trees. A chapter built out of what [the characters] [we] [they] have [touched] [changed] [created] [modified].

In which creation is just another word for change.


Exerpt - Unrelated (mostly, hey, I'm getting close to the end here, what more do you want from me?).

When Fred was still at her old job, right before M started being especially terrible, she wrote a short story while she was at work. She hadn't really written since a college creative writing class, and wasn't sure where this came from. When it was done, she hid it somewhere in her computer and never showed it to anyone. Much like this novel probably. The end.



Plane #472 out of Anchorage Alaska had been a game changer when it started offering flights. It changed everything, made Anchorage even more of a tourist destination. It didn't matter what part of the year it was, flights were always leaving. Plane #472 left once a day, every day. Each flight was televised. Your chance to be famous. It had great ratings. Unassuming at first, no tv station would pick it up, but now it was on a prime spot, Thursdays at 8pm. Teenagers watched secretly in their rooms, couples watched holding tight to each other, groups watched in nursing homes, staring knowingly at the lives passing on the screen.

Every passenger on Plane #472 died before the end of the flight. Every passenger buying a ticket, of course, knew that going in. That was what you were buying (for an increasingly extravagent price, although there was talk of a scholarship program being put in place), a one-way ticket out of the universe please. I'm tired of this reality, I'd like to buy a new one. Or, at least the end of this one.

It sounds morbid, I know. The television show producers thought so too. But what they couldn't see was the complexity of what was going to be put on the screen.

See, people are different, right before they die. Normally they're so cold. People on planes don't talk to each other. They try their hardest not to touch or look at each other. For the most part, people go seven hours and usually say 'excuse me,' or 'sorry,' or 'let me slip by you to use the bathroom.' And that's it. Not on Plane #472. Something happens, when you know that your last hours have hit. Something changes when people know that they're about to die.

What changes however, well, that's the interesting part. It's different for everyone. Some people lose the part of their brain that's been embarrassed all their lives. Quite a few anxious self hating types end up on Plane #472. You can tell as they bored, they avoid eye contact, they reach around, trying to find their phones to hide in, before remembering that they don't have them (or, well, anything), anymore. But they've changed by the end, some being the life of the party, laughing with their neighbors, telling jokes, smiling like they haven't smiled since they were children.

Others, rich party boys and girls, often become somber, talking to their neighbors about life and the significance of what they've decided to do.

And the drugs! You would not believe the drugs on Plane #472. Some of the flights, especially the extended three hours episodes, could have gone on for entire days! People sharing DMT, peyote, LSD, Ecstasy, lab drugs that no one watching the show had even heard of. There were no cops on Plane #472, no pilots. It was a free for all. There had been more than one overdose before the plane even reached its end, sometimes creating an unpleseant experience where the participants had to figure out what to do with a premature corpse on board.

The lack of authority, of course, also created violence. You could always tell which ones, the ones that were angry at the world, that had decided that they were too good to keep going. That they deserved something that this world hadn't been good enough to give to them in their time there. It was often white boys in between the ages and sixteen and twenty four. Viewers made games of calling them out, placing bets on what horrors they were going to commit before the end of the flight.

And the horrors were televised. Rapes, murders, torture. The executives couldn't get enough. And the people. The people loved it! Here was everything that movies and video games made up, here! Here for real, here for their pleasure, their consumption. It was like eating real sugar or drinking whole milk for the very first time.

It used to be that after a day and some change circling the globe, the plane would crash. Sometimes into a remote mountaintop, sometimes into an ocean. It was part of the fun. Cameras would be set up to catch the crash from above. But there were problems with that. Environmental activists got upset, which came to a head and got the law involved when one crash ended up affecting a national park when an area caught on fire. Quite a few people were blacklisted that day. But to be honest, it wouldn't have mattered in the end anyway. Going through all those planes was getting too expensive, it was too messy. Too much could go wrong.

So now there's only one plane. It's outfitted with funnels that fill the entire plane up with gas when the time comes. Everyone goes painlessly. And the people look so funny as they struggle for air at the end, as the almost corpses flop.

That's another thing people bet on. Who will last the longest. The larger men are usually a safe bet, but there are so often surprises that it makes the game fun.





She never finished the story. It mostly stayed as an idea, a corner of a sketchbook. There were others too, stories of strange reality shows turned into murder mysteries. Strange foods that would wipe out entire populations in days because of the greed as people fought to disperse the strange, cheap, food alternatives. The world Fred lived in, especially as living with M became more and more of a nightmare, grew darker and stranger and fed off people's worst qualities in an eerie matter of fact way.




---------------------------------------
Fred's journal, last summer, during a fight
---------------------------------------

I'm so tired. I'm just so tired. I can't do any of it anymore. Nothing makes me feel good. Work is a drain. I wake up every morning sick to my stomach, knowing that I have to go in and deal with that overbearing sexist scumbag hitting on me, talking to me, breathing on me. I hate his breath. I hate smelling it. Why the fuck am I able to smell anyone's breath. It makes me sick. I don't want to eat lunch anymore because he follows me to the dining area and tries to sit with me and whatever group I'm sitting with that day. I don't know how I can possibly make it any more clear that he makes me feel uncomfortable. And going out for lunch isn't an option either, he'll make comments about how long I've been gone, how he's watching me, asking if I'm watching my waistline. I just want to answer, 'no, and if you don't take your eyes away from it I'm going to report you to hr.' I don't know why I don't. Because I'm spineless. Because I deserve it.

Where does all this self hate come from? Was there ever a point in my life when I thought that I was generally okay? Certainly not one I can remember.

And then home. Home is miles worse than work, if you can believe that. Work I can kind of compartmentalize. Deal with it while I'm there, leave it there when I'm not. But home, well, it's filled with bombs and mines that I can't possibly leave behind, can't know when they're going to be set off.

M is two months behind on rent. Not that I even mind! I told her she can pay me back when she has the money.

But that's the thing, it sort of seems like she has the money. She goes out nearly every night, and comes back completely out of it at three, four, five in the morning. Sometimes I'm up getting ready for work with no idea where she is or what she's been doing.

Which I guess would be fine. I don't know. Maybe if she was spending any time with me too.

It seems like she can't stand me. The other day we were going out to dinner, and we passed an ice cream place on the way. 'Oh, let's just go here,' I said. Stupid, I know, we were going to dinner. But the way she looked at me, you'd think I'd just given her some deathly insult, said something unforgivably stupid.

'That's not food,' she'd said, the contempt in her voice palpable. 'Can you focus for one second of your fucking life?'

She sort of apologized later. Sort of. I don't know. Lisa asks me why I stay with her. I don't know if I have an answer. Is I love her an answer? Is I think I can make her love me again another one?

Probably not.

I'm going to sleep now, I've been up too late as it is. But I haven't been sleeping well lately. Blah.

Maybe by tomorrow I'll have worked all this out. Ha.

Night papers. Night journal.




---------------------------------------
Fred's journal, the day before she left New Orleans
---------------------------------------

I've never been a stickler for reality. No, really. I'm not one of those people who took acid once in college and then was forever like 'what is reality anyway, man.' I never said man, for example. But I do believe in things we (we as a societal, or human race as I know of it we), don't know or understand.

M didn't believe that. Like Mark, she had studied science before she had, like Mark, dropped out of school to focus on some unknown something else. She believed that everything could be studied and understood, that most of the secrets of the universe had already, for the most part at least, been discovered. She never believed in infinite possibilities the way I did. She certainly didn't believe in the potential of the humans around her. She would get annoyed with me every time I was shocked at some human caused tragedy, anything from age and body and slut shaming magazine articles hung up in a dressing room to mass shootings. All of it shocked and angered and hurt me. M's reactions would range from laughing it off to being quite mean.

I'm not sure she ever loved me at all.

I've never told anyone that. I don't think I've even told myself that, not really. I'm not sure I ever really loved her. How much of our relationship was me waiting for her to love me back. How much energy did I put into that, without ever reflecting back onto how much I loved her.

But that's not what this journal entry is about. At least that's not what I meant it to be when I started writing.

What this is about is the difference between accepting that there are lots of things I don't understand, and being thrown into the deep end of super weird crazy wackiness. And no in a fun, hijinks sort of way, like I sometimes dreamt about. Not, this crazy weirdness is dangerous and strange. And is getting in the way of my sleep.

That's right, journal. I don't sleep anymore. Sure, it seems like it, my body on this plane of reality slips into something that look very much like sleep to the casual observer. But I'm not sleeping. I don't get rest. I don't wake up the next morning feeling better. Every morning I wake up more and more tired. I've started to wake up at dawn. I don't know why. But it's every day. I don't sleep in.

I don't even sleep. Naps are no longer a possibility. My body is a walking alert box on a website. Not a real webpage, but annoying and functional.

That didn't even make sense. Nothing I do make sense, my head is foggy. I can't hold a conversation. I have absolutely no idea how I'm going to drive.

But I am. Going to drive, I mean.

I wonder what would happen if I crashed. Would death be anything like sleep.

God I miss sleep. I used to have insomnia, my whole life I've had insomnia, did you know that? I've probably written about it before. I kind of imagine you journals as one continious entry, keeping the memories of each other. You must know so much about me, you stupid judgemental pages. What things you must think of me, of all of us.

You won't believe it, either journal or reader. You won't believe what's been happening. But instead of sleeping, I get transported into another body. Into another world. I know, it doesn't make any sense. The other strange part, is that it only seems to go one way. I go into this girl's body, Aladia, by the way, is her name, but she doesn't go into mine while she's asleep and I'm awake.

She knows things though. She knows things about television and schools, she knows about stuffed animals and about dinner plates. When I asked her how, she said I had told her. She said it like something was wrong with me. She seems to remember me fine, and is always treating me like there's something wrong with me, like I'm the crazy one in this situation.

When I get to my mom's house, I'm going to go through some of my old journals and see if I can find anything about this. It's all on the tip of my tongue, er, my brain's tongue. Sometimes Aladia talks about home, about the fortress where she lives, or, well, lived, but she seems convinced she'll be going back there soon. Actually, for a while, she was convinced we were actually there, in some kind of enchanted chamber or something. When I asked if she had ever seen or heard of an enchanted chamber, or, well, any kind of enchanment at all before, she answered no, she hadn't, in a tone that made it clear she didn't think the question was relevant to this particular situation.

She's exausting, and has no reasoning skills at all. She goes through the world like she's drunk, trusting and unconcerned.

I don't know what to do.

But I do know that it's time to move on from New Orleans.

Tomorrow I'm driving to Austin. Wish me luck.




---------------------------------------
Aladia
---------------------------------------

Aladia sat at the campsite and stared at the fire. She couldn't sleep. How strange, she thought, normally she was quite good at sleeping. The strange boy who had rescued her sat across from her. Did she trust him? It didn't seem to matter all that much, she didn't know where she was. Leaving right now would be a death sentence, she'd freeze or starve or worse.

Aladia found a stone and carved the words into a tree next to the one she was leaning against.

'Stay Strong.'

Under it she drew a symbol, a diamond with circles drawn on each point. It was the symbol that she had so often found around Fortress Malark.

under it, she wrote 'Find Home.'

She curled up closer to the fire, and once again tried to drift off into sleep.




---------------------------------------
Lisa - a journal entry from the day before her last day of work, right before she calls Fred to ask where she is
---------------------------------------

I'm worried about Fred. I'm worried about what I'll find when I find her. Last time we talked, she didn't sound great.

Most people don't know this, but she had a couple breakdowns in college. And not like regular freaking out for finals college style breakdowns, like total psychological collapses. I don't know if she had any after we graduated. None that she told me about. But the ones in college, well, they were scary.

Fred was gone, during those times. She'd, I can't even describe it, she'd go away. And something else would take her place. Some mean person with no understanding of how her actions could possibly cause any consequences. Fred hardly remembered anything from those times, saying that she'd blacked out. The first time, right before finals week, it had lasted three days. Fred had laid in her room, gotten blackout drunk, broke things, and talked to walls for three days. Lisa was on the verge of calling an ambulance (her attempts to try to take her to a hospital had been denied with a threat of self violence and harm), when that morning, Fred woke up fine.

They hardly talked about. All Fred said was a thank you for not calling the cops or taking her to a hospital. My mom can't know, she had said, stressing it with the utmost importance. Really, it would ruin everything, she said to me. It took everything I had not to stress right back how scary it had been, how insane Fred had been acting. But she didn't want to talk about it, and I didn't push it.

The next time, it lasted two weeks and one day. An eternity. An eternity that I was stuck dealing with, stupidly listening to her and not taking to a hospital this time either. Obviously a mistake. When she got out of it, she couldn't stop shaking for days. I've never seen her face so white. She'd lost so much weight, hardly eating the entire time. It was a struggle for her to leave her room. Her eyes were so wild, we were all scared of her, of what she might do. I contacted all of her professors, told them vaguely what was going on. Some where okay with it, some weren't, but when she came to she was still able to pass everything (even if some of it was just barely, I think some of the professors felt bad failing her when she came to them looking like she had just survived a plague).

Haha, can I tell you something weird? All this, talking about Fred's insanity, dealing with things, professors. Even though I'm talking about the worst parts of it, it's really really really making me miss college. So weird. I miss weekends hanging out, and sleeping in on Wednesdays. I miss grades. I miss pregaming in dorm rooms.

Anyway, I just hope that Fred's not losing it again. Talking to her on the phone has made me nothing but more nervous. But it's okay, I'll see her soon. And everything will be fine, for both of us.





---------------------------------------
Lisa - a collection of poems from college
---------------------------------------

[in the margins] why the fuck did I take a poetry class. I don't write - don't know how to write. what a waste of time. and fuck off, I can write! I write essays all the damn time. I LIKE writing essays. They have a format I understand, I know how to research for them. They don't take that long. I can write a ten page essay in a day. Half a day, and then have the rest to do whatever I damn well want. Ten pages of poetry is like a bad joke. It can take me an entire day to write ten lines. I don't know what my problem is. Maybe I haven't suffered or loved enough to have anything poetry worthy enough to write about. I can't even share this with my friends, they're such snobs, they'd make fun of my writing like nothing else. Fuck poetry. If it wasn't too late to drop this fucking class, I would have already. Maybe I can just pay someone to do the assignments for me. The first person to write all their own essays and pay someone to write their poetry assignments. Ridiculous.


Part I of the epic that never was - Or, I think it would be a fun experiment if I tried to write the longest poem I possibly could

It doesn't get that long - this time - these times. I found that when I put my foot down, there was no more ground left to stand on. It had all been taken
given
away. And I was left with a plot of space stretching
up and
down into eternity.

Crashing down through every intersection, my palms, bloody
from digging but
soft from
a life of watching television and reading other people's books.

What's a poem that's not about me?
Is that an epic?
Or were all the epics
just self fantasies,
this is what I wish my life was.




A love poem -
I've been told that
I love you
you're it
there's nothing else.
once I broke up with (or
broke) a boy, and
he told me that he had lost
an entire month
missing
me.



I'm afraid to leave college
a not really a poem poem - unsubmmited and unpublished - by Lisa Madden

I graduate in four months
No one's really talking about it yet
except for the ones
that already have jobs
through family friends
or job fairs
professors
who knows.

I don't have a job.
I don't want to do anything.
I just want to stay in school
and drink wine
and write papers
and learn to longboard and play guitar,
so many things left on my college
bucket list. I never even learned how
to chug beer. What have I been doing for
four years?

It's not too late to fail, not to late to stick around.
But I won't.
I guess it's time to keep going.

How many times
have I walked through this campus
with its great trees and grand old buildings
and felt a deep sense of gratefulness
that I was here -
That I got to be here
and spend these four years, doing yoga on the lawn
and renting projectors and cameras for
fake school assignments.
Decorating my dorm room with string lights and cereal boxes and beer bottles.

I guess I could do that in a regular apartment too.
But that's not what my heart's telling me,
my heart's telling me that it's over.




---------------------------------------
Lisa - a journal entry from senior year, first semester
---------------------------------------

I don't know what to do. Really. Fred's been in her room for a week and a half. It's really starting to freak me out. God, I hate when she gets like this, I do. What if I don't call the hospital and she's stuck like this forever? Or what if someone finds out, like her insane mother. Or her lawyer dad, oh god. And they blame me. They say, why didn't you bring our daughter to get help? And what, I'd answer, well she asked me not to, and I figured something she said eight months ago was more important than getting her the help she obviously needs.

I don't think she's eaten in days. For a while she was walking around campus like a zombie, wearing her pajamas and only one sock. Lauren found her, thank god, since I was at work all day. She called me asking me what to do. Like I'm her goddamn mom. What do you think you should do? Take her back to her room and don't let her leave, clearly. The last thing we want is public safety finding her and calling the police, that would be an absolutely disaster. She's scared enough of the the cops as it is, in this state that would be asking for a full on breakdown. Well, even more of a full on break down.

Why is this my responsibility? I have problems to you know. Not that I'd ever say that to anyone. but yeah, I get stressed out. I get sad, I have feelings. No one ever asks how I am. Which, I know, is why campus has people to talk to. It's why they have that scary drug counselor and a team of psychiatrists standing by in that side office. But I don't know if I want that. I don't know if I want any of it. Maybe all I do is want people to take care of. But maybe it's not because of any good personhood inside me, maybe it's just for attention. Maybe I'm just upset that no one's told me 'good job, you really saved her. thank you for taking care of fred.'

It's not even these breakdowns, you know. She comes to me all the time. She'll find some new love of her life, be all swept up in them. Not speak to anyone else. Go to parties and hold their hand the entire night.

I've never seen anything like it. I don't know what it is, if she secretly hates herself, or what. But she'll throw herself into these things like she needs it, like it's food or air. and she'll stay obsessed, no matter how badly they end up treating her, no matter what a scumbag they turn out to actually be.

It's annoying. I've since ceased to pay attention.

Which makes it increasingly frustating when she does eventually leave, or they cheat on her, or her heart gets broken in any of the other ways it inevitably does. She comes back to her friends, and we never know which post breakup fred we're going to get. there's the sad won't stop cleaning version. There's the party girl version, who wants to go out and go hard until six in the morning. There's the moping in bed and not getting her work done version.

And every single time, it falls on my to be the ear that she'll talk to about what happened. Every single time, it's on me to get her out of whatever version of breakup fred we happened to get, and bring her back to normal fred.

I don't mean to sound so mean, this whole breakdown thing is just making me tired. I seem pretty selfish right? That's why I write about it here, so I can be mom in real life. Haha, what a joke.

I have to go back to work.






---------------------------------------
Maxwell - An email in response to Fred that never got 'sent'.
---------------------------------------

Hi Fred,

Good to hear from you. I hope you come soon, the roommate and I keep drinking the alcohol that we're buying for all of us to drink. Soon, we'll stop buying alcohol all together and there won't be any left at all! Just kidding. That would be ridiculous.

I thought of you yesterday at work. A family was complaining about their food because there was too much cheese in their motzerella sticks! Can you believe it, too much cheese? It's in the name for goodness sake. I remember when you were working in a restaurant, and came home all upset that someone had returned their spicy fries to being spicy.

Anyway, I'll see you soon. Hope you're enjoying your trip, I'm jealous of your wild meandering.

- Maxwell

///////////////////////// New Chapter - In which Fred drive through brain fog and forgets to throw away a pretty gross pulled pork sandwich, mistakingly claiming to be the best pulled pork

Fred drove to Austin in a blur. It took her nine hours with stops. At one point she stopped at a gas station, went inside to buy a chocolate bar, sat down at a table inside with sharpie names scribbled on the top. Jessica and Ryan, circled with a heart, Jan 2013. Are you still together Jessica and Ryan, Fred wondered. She put her head in her hands, and felt her mind drift. She had no idea how much time had passed when she finally left. The light seemed different, but she didn't know what time she had gotten there. It didn't feel like it mattered.

She drove into Texas as the sun was going down. For some reason she had expected desert, but the land she drove through was green and lush. The road was flat, stretching forward for miles and miles. She shared a six lane highway with only a handful of other cars.

She realized as she got closer that she hadn't secured a place to stay. Where was her head, what was she doing. What's wrong with me, she thought, pulling into a rest stop that claimed 'the biggest rest stop in the country.' and then under, in a strange pho-script font, 'everything's bigger in texas.' Under it was a clip art inspired picture of a cowboy hat with a texas flag colored star under it.

She walked in and powered her phone on, finding an airbnb in austin. There weren't many open, especially in her price range, which was as cheap as she could find. She found a room available out of town that she could book right away. It seemed like an older couple, they had a cat, and it was just out of town. She bought two night and messaged them telling them she'd be there later tonight, she wasn't sure when.

She didn't wait for a response. Was she hungry? A sign claimed that this place had the best pulled pork. It didn't specify the best out of where. Texas? The world? The best pulled pork in the biggest rest stop in Texas? If they didn't think it was important to specify, Fred figured that she didn't either. She went up and bought a pulled pork and pickle sandwich. It was after dinner, and it didn't seem like they were making any more that day. The bar b que sauce had a crusty layer on top that grossed her out if she looked at it too long. Thankfully the sandwich dude mixed it up before plopping some on an open hard roll. He wrapped it up and handed it to her over the counter, all without looking at her once.

She paid for it, stepped outside, sat on one of the tables and took a bite. It made her nauseous almost immidiately, with its too sweet sauce and slightly soggy bread. Nope, I'll save this for when I'm way way hungrier. She walked over to her car, which had thankfully kept running since that Alabama mishap, threw it in the passenger seat, and drove the rest of the way, trying her best to focus on the road.

She got to the house where she was staying without mishap.

She checked her phone, everyone was asleep but there was a key left outside under a bench. Fred stumbled around for a bit, trying to find a blue bench in the dark, and finally found one on the right side of their front lawn. There was the key - right in between two of the slats. Not bothering to unpack her car, Fred opened her door, grabbed sweatpants from the back seat, and let herself in. The directions said that her room was on the second floor, the very first room. She found it, bed made, furniture probably from IKEA, cheap, neat and fashionable. Fred put her sweatpants on, and gratefully crawled into bed. She was honestly shocked she had made it, she thought, as she snuggled under the comforter and quilt that had been laid so carefully onto the bed. She couldn't ever remember being this tired before. She must have been though, right? She couldn't have waited until she was twenty five to be the most tired. Or maybe that's what would happen. As she got older she'd just get more and more tired, each year a new weight that she had to carry around, day after day.

With these thoughts rolling around in her head, she drifted off to sleep...

And woke up in the dawn light, blinking her eyes, the remains of a fire before her. Goddamnit. Morning Fred, Aladia said brightly as she yawned hugely, sitting up and rubbing her eyes.




---------------------------------------
//////////// New Chapter - Aladia
---------------------------------------
They walked through the woods, Aladia's dress torn and her feat sore and bleeding. 'Can we stop please?'

She was answered only with a grunt of acknowledgement. 'Soon. We're close.'

Close to what? Aladia didn't ask. She picked up a piece of charchoal from the ground, and drew a vertical line on the bark of the trees as they passed. She couldn't hear Fred. She was probably hiding from this new pain.

When they stopped, when her savior and captor went to go gather firewood, Aladia drew a circle on the bark of a tree. It swirled around, a portal, light breaking into the outer rim, shown by triangles, the way that Fred had taught her to draw the sun.

'Beautiful,' Fred said, coming out a bit.

Aladia didn't say anything at all.


That night, they bonded over the fire. Her captor and savior talking about himself for the first time. She still didn't know his name, but decided not to push the subject.

He told her about his adventures. Some of the details didn't always line up, and Aladia couldn't be sure if he was exaggerating to seem more impressive, or was just lying and was a completely different person entirely. Regardless, Aladia loved stories, and loved to sit and hear his stories of being a soldier and a sailor, and armed guard to the universities and centers of culture and research in the south.

He still hadn't told her his name, but his eye sparkled as he talked about his adventures. Aladia was slowly understanding that he had been hired to come get her and bring her somewhere, and knew very little about the situation than she did. Although that could be a trick itself, it was impossible to be sure.

They sat around the fire, and this strange man told the following tales of his existance on this earth, including hand gestures and eye winking, a strange demeanor from the focused, mean, almost animal like man from before. Aladia was also starting to believe, that back in the castle, he was legitimately scared for his life.

[story of soldier adventures]
I joined the army when I was young. Very, very young. They recruited me, everyone in the village knew about my skill as an archer. I was a little spy too, I could fit into very small spaces and go places unnoticed. That's part of the benifits of being very very small. I'd put some dirt on my face, dress in rags, and could go anywhere I damn well pleased. Or, once they got ahold of me, any damn place the army pleased.

You've never heard of this group, you're from the North, right?

Aladia asked how he knew and he laughed and laughed. Skin like that, look at you, your white as a snowflake! You're even whiter than most of the northerners I've met, if I didn't know better I'd say you lived up in the trees in the great north.

Aladia didn't know about the trees in the great north, Pete had never mentioned them in any of his lessons or in the stories of his travels. This strange man's breath of knowledge made her feel stupid and small.

Well, this army comes from the South. Much further south than I reckon you've ever been. There's some islands off there off the coast, going into this big circle of water. He drew a diagram in the earth, a piece of land sticking out and circling back around to connect on the other end, and then three island coming off the edge of the one sticking out piece.

He pointed to the biggest and farthest away island. This is where I lived. Well, I know it doesn't seem like much, but the rulers there were fierce. Within my lifetime, and I'd gather before yours, they joined the greater alliance, but back then, I never would have guessed it. It was like dealing with a rattlesnake. No, that's not right, they never really warned first. It was like dealing with a sickness. They came out of nowhere and would wipe out thousands at a time.

The faraway look, almost dreamy look in his eyes as he told her this made Aladia feel acutely uncomfortable.

I was part of a series of soldiers who would go in beforehand. A spy, if you will. But, if I did my job right, the army never had to come in at all.

It was quite exciting for a young boy, especially one from a small town. Because I was, you know. A small fishing village. I might be there today, still, if that government hadn't been so hungry for fighting bodies.

But it was. It was ravenous. It ate them up and spit them out and the corpses it left could fill oceans.

I was lucky I survived. They wanted me to fight in the revolution. Not the much later revolution, the one that failed so deeply that we became a part of the alliance for ever and ever. He smiled and spit between his missing teeth.

The first one also failed, but failed with huge numbers lost on both sides. We had quite a fortress back then, with secret passageways no one knew about but us. His voice went quiet, as though there could be spies or enemies all around them. Secret passageways under the ocean, if you can imagine such a thing. Aladia couldn't. She had never seen the ocean before.

A giant body a water, whispered Fred.
You don't have to whisper dummy, no one else can here you. Anyway, I know that much. She had learned about the sea with her lessons with Peter. Thinking back on those, sitting in that vast, mostly empty library with her, peter and Lo, and their mostly informal lessons day after day, filling the hall with stories and drawings and songs. It made her sad. It made her wonder if she'd see any of those people ever again.

The man had kept talking through this exchange, paying no mind to the lack of interest from his audience. Aladia wondered idly how many people he had 'saved' or captured or, possibly even tortured or killed throughout the years. She wondered how many of them had heard these same stories.

He was talking about one story in particular, a time when he had to go infiltrate royalty in a jungle. Can you believe it? he asked, a real jungle. It was so hot I thought I was going to die. I had to cover myself with mud just to keep cool. Every day the air became like a solid thing to wrestle with.

And I saw a panther! Can you believe it. I'm sure you can't, it's as big as one of your damn wolves up here, some of them are bigger. They have teeth the size of your head.

Somehow the story came back to the actual revolution. Aparently these island (the islands of oranges, they were called). Fred wanted to ask if they grew oranges there or the sun was just hot, but Aladia shushed her.


[story of pirate adventures]
After the army -
After you ran away from the army Fred thought. Aladia couldn't believe how raptly Fred was listening, she had only been half here, or so it felt, since she had woken up. She didn't say anything, not wanting to scare newly friendly, or at least present, Fred away.


[story of body guard adventures]
Once, I was the body guard for a princess. A real princess! I didn't know, mind you. They didn't bother to tell me, the people hiring me. Actually, it wasn't even a bother thing, I think they didn't tell me on purpose. I'm pretty sure they didn't trust me? Can you even imagine it, not trusting me?

He took a gigantic bite out of the leg of the deer that they'd been picking at, that he had hunted for them that afternoon after they made camp.


There was a sound in the bushes, scaring them momentarily, but when they looked over they saw it was just another deer, moving past them. Probably mourning its friend, Aladia thought sadly. I'm sorry deer, thank you for your friend's sacrifice.

The man was already standing, teeth barred, sword out. He didn't settle back down, even when the deer had run away. He stood, feet planted, looking around. Then, slowly, he sat back down, but didn't put his sword away.

That's enough for now, he said. That's enough stories.

They didn't talk for the rest of the night, Aladia distracted herself by drawing circles in the dirt, and trying to start conversations with the man that were responded to by grunts and nods, and eventually she laid down as the sun was setting and drifted off to sleep.




///////////////////////// New Chapter - In which Fred meets someone who's been studying these world, and may have a way to reach Aladia's
/////////////////////////


In Austin, Fred played at being a normal person, at least for a while. She drove to downtown, avoiding speaking to her airbnb hosts, who from the description were probably be all accounts very nice old people, who might want to talk to her for longer than she was comfortable with.

She parked, and found a place with brunch. Brunch! She'd forgotten all about brunch in her strange meandering way down here. She found a spot that looked quiet, got a seat by herself at the bar, and ordered enough coffee to make her feel like a normal person again. One who got sleep and wasn't watching as their sanity slowly slipped out of their fingers.

'You look terrible,' the bartender who had brought her breakfast said to her as she downed her third cup of coffee. 'Rough night?'

'All my nights are rough,' she said, looking at him. She meant it seriously, but sounded ridiculous. The bartender, a cute girl on the curvier side with big yellow curls going past her shoulders laughed.

'Oh yes, you seem like a real thug.'

Fred smiled despite herself. 'I have insomnia,' she said, figuring that would be the easiest way to explain her current state. She would have to start wearing makeup pretty soon.

'Yeah?' she asked, cleaning up behind the bar. 'You can make money with that you know.'

'What do you mean?' Fred asked. Maybe there would be someone who would pay her to stay up watching them all night? Some kind of bodyguard job. They would definitely be disappointed.

'At the university down the road. The university of texas? They do like, studies on sleep. They always try to find people with insomnia. It doesn't pay great, but it's an easy fifty five dollars if you're no sleeping anyway.'

'Have you gone?'

'No, but when I was in school a few of my friends did.'

'Oh.'

'Here, wait a second,' the girl went over to some new customers, and made them mimosas while they, two girls in cowboy boots, gossiped about the party they had gone to last night. When the girl came back, she had a piece of paper, on which she wrote an address and a name.

'Here,' she said. 'This is the name of the guy, some professor, who runs the studies. I actually hear he's pretty cute. He always had a chili pepper, on that professor writing site.'

'I never saw it.'

She shrugged, losing interest. 'Well, go if you want,' she refilled Fred's coffee and went to go help out the newest eaters. The restaurant was filling up, it was time for Fred to go.



After something happened that will obviously be written in above because it was important enough that it moved the plot along in a pretty dramatic way, Fred went to the address written on the piece of paper in her pocket.

It brought her to a University. On signs, she was that it was the University of Texas. How strange, she thought, why would the events that still have to be filled in above have brought her here?

She passed a few students in sweatshirts and flip flops passing a frisbee around, and felt a pang of missing this life. Just watching them brought her back to a time she had visited her friend's ranch. Well, not her friend, but the friend of a guy she had been dating at the time. It was absolutely magical. The ranch. There was a tennis court and basketball court. And everyone threw frisbees and played beer ball until late, late into the night. She shook her head. Those days are over, she told herself, it's no use missing the past.

She walked up to the map that was positioned at the end of a pathway. She checked her piece of paper, she was supposed to go to 'research building name'. That's strange, she thought to herself. Why wouldn't they actually name the research building. What lazy ass author isn't doing a google search for the damn name of the fucking building. Fuck off Fred. It's the last day and I'm tired leave me alone.



Fred walked in and looked at the directory downstairs. Professor Garstak. She looked for the name, feeling silly. Professors don't come in every day, she reminded herself. Whatever, she'd just come back the next day. Maybe an insomnia study could help her. She was getting a little bit scared of what would happen if this kept up. She already couldn't focus, and it was getting worse by the day. At some point, she was worried she was just going to drop dead. Her heart would say, well that's enough of that, and she'd fall down on the street somewhere. In her mind, this professor, whatever research he was doing, had become a lifeline to save her from whatever was going on with her insanity.

Room 327, she saw. No, 327 - D (haha, you're ridiculous, why don't you just write out three twenty seven the room of the number, oh my gosh, can we get back to the story please).

That door was closed when she got to it. It took a while, the third floor of the building was an absolute maze. There were hallways nestled in hallways, it was impossible to tell if an entryway would get to the end or would open or turn into somewhere new. You could live here in these halls, thought Fred. Going from one place to another, hiding from students and teachers. But she finally found it, three twenty seven D. On the door was pasted a schedule, saying that he in fact should be here now, as well as all day Thursdays and Fridays, and mornings on Mondays. Full schedule, she thought. There was a comic on the door that was making some kind of joke comparing psychiatry to other sciences that Fred didn't really understand. There was another one about sleep, with a duck sleeping in three different panels. The duck was asleep in his office, car, couch, and in bed he laid their wide awake. Fred felt a strange affinity for this mixed around duck. Well, she thought, the schedule said that he'd be here, I guess I might as well wait. She sat on the floor and stretched on her legs on the cold linolium. As she sat there, she put her head back onto the hard bumpy wall, the strange plaster that all academic buildings seemed to be made of. Being here was making her miss school again, a constant pit in her stomach. How easy it was to forget the stressful times, the wild times, and remember it in a haze of general happiness. Remember all the calm times, the fun times. But even the wild up and down ride of school was more interesting, was better, was an infinitely preferred alternative to post college life, with no ups and downs at all. With a straight line of endless unchanging emotional desert.

As she sat there thinking about this, remembering things that had happened, all nighters and parties and road trips, she drifted off to sleep, inevitable as soon as she had sat down.


And woke up, Aladia in the dead of night. Had there been a sound? Aladia looked around, her eyes adjusting to the light of the half moon above her and the field of stars. Wow, thought Fred, so many stars. They filled the entire sky, layers upon layers of them, going back forever. Why didn't she look at the stars more often?

The man was sleeping next to her, hulking body snoring. Ugh. If she ever planned to escape she supposed this would be the time to do it. Don't be absurd, Aladia answered cheerily. We have absolutely no idea where we are, if I left I'd be dead in about a week.

Fred wondered if Aladia died, would she be able to sleep again? Would she get back to her normal life? Maybe this was all a delusion that she acted out when she thought she was sleeping, and if she jumped off a cliff here she'd be jumping off some building in her real life as well.

Now stop that, Aladia scolded. No one's dying here. That's exactly why we're not escaping.

Aladia sat up and threw some more kindling into the dying fire. It flared back up hungrily, and covered her body in warmth like a blanket of air. Mmmmm, that's nice, Aladia felt her face grow red and warm. Things aren't so bad Fred. Now, I'm going back to sleep. She curled up under her blankets and furs once again and closed her eyes.


And Fred woke up to a man looking down on her. While she was asleep she had fallen to one side, and was laying curled up on the linolium floor. She stood up quickly. I supposed I'd be embarrassed if I still had that brain function, Fred thought to herself. Dust covered the half of her shirt that had been touching the floor, and she quickly tried and brushed it off.

'Can I help you?' the man standing over her asked. He was thin, with circular glasses that she thought he must have picked out specifically to look a bit more like a professor. He hadn't asked unkindly. He asked in the way that someone might ask why a strawberry was in their pasta. Not upset, but not sure why the universe was set up in this particular way in this moment.

'Hi, Professor Garstak?'

'Are you a student?' He asked, not answering the question, blinking at her with big green eyes underneath his glasses.

'Uhm, no, well, but'

'Then my name is Brian.'

'What?'

'Professor Garstak is my name for students. You can call me Brian. Most of my students, actually, also call me Brian. Especially grad students.'

'Oh, alright. Well, Brian, it's nice to meet you. I'm Fred, someone told me about you,'

He cut her off again, 'Wait a second, let's talk in my office,' and opened the door.

It didn't look very lived in, this office. There wasn't possibly enough room for someone to spend much time here. 'I spend most of my time in my lab,' he said a bit apologetically, as though reading her mind. Every area was covered in books. Reference guides, large textbooks, small novels. And the rest were filled with binders. Binders upon binders, some with students' names on them, others with study names that seemed strange to her, 'Electric Currents and the Effect on Brain Activity During the Third Sleep Cycle' and 'Skipping REM Sleep: A Study using Seratonin on Lab Rats to Replace the REM Cycle and Add a Separate Sixth Cycle.'

'So,' he said sitting down, and then stood up quickly when he realized there was nowhere for her to sit. He moved in a jerky way, like he kept expecting there to be resistance in the air he moved through. 'Sorry about that, things are a little of a mess at the moment. You know, finals time.'

She didn't know, Fred had no idea what finals time was like for professirs, she realized she had never thought about it at all before, and felt a little embarassed by this fact. She watched as he took a pile of binders off of a cloth chair with thin arms and moved them to the top of a counter, balancing them precariously on a thick binder about a programming language Fred didn't recognize.

'So-' he said, gesturing to the chair. They both sat down. 'What have you come her for? I don't really get visitors that often. Unless it's students asking for, oh what's the word? extensions, yes. Sometimes they want extensions and they know I won't answer them over email,' he trailed off as something in the corner caught his eye, some book or note he had forgotten about. He grabbed the notebook in question and started writing something down. When she didn't say anything, he looked up. 'Well?' he asked.

'I -' now that she was here, Fred realized that she hadn't prepared what she was going to say at all. That was out of character, she thought. She always prepared what she was going to say in situations where it was going to be unclear. This one she should have absolutely at least come up with the first sentence. Let's start with the obvious, she thought. 'I was told that you have studies about insomnia. That you pay people to stay awake in your lab. I thought, I thought that you might be able to help me.'

'You can't sleep?' he looked at her through narrowed eyes. A scientist, she thought, trying to gather evidence. Piece of evidence one, she looked like shit. Piece of evidence two. She had passed out in front of his office and he had found her sleeping.

'Is this a prank?' he asked. 'Because I'm very busy, very busy. I know that some of you don't think so, but there is real research that is done here -'

'No!' she interrupted him, feeling desperate. Please, I know you won't believe it. It doesn't make sense to me either. I might be going crazy. I think I'm going crazy.' She could feel the tears before they started, building behind her skull, filling in between the back of her eyes.

'Oh,' he started, before she burst into tears.

'No, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to, oh gosh, oh dear. I didn't mean to hurt your feelings. Listen, I believe you.' He awkwardly tried to comfort her, unsure what to do with his hands, having them hover over her shoulder and then her knee, not quite touching her, not sure what to do. Usually when people cried in his office it was failing students, who he usually just brought them up to a D so they'd stop crying and leave him alone for the rest of both of their lives. He wondered what he could say to this woman, what was her name? he had already forgotten, that would be the equivalent of 'okay I won't fail you this semester.'

But 'I believe you,' seemed to have done the trick. 'I haven't had anyone to talk to about this,' she whispered.

Suddenly his office felt claustrophobic, felt too small for all the emotions that were going on. 'Let's get out of here,' he said, and then quickly took it back when she looked horrified. 'I didn't mean like, my place, I didn't, oh gosh, I just meant out of this office. Look, there's not enough air in here. Let's go over to my lab. That's where I spend the bulk of my time anyway. This,' he gestured around hazily, 'this is mostly just for storage.'

Fred wiped her eyes and agreed. The pile of binders that he had taken off her chair had started to freak her out anyway.

They walked over to the lab he had mentioned. It was one floor up, through another maze of hallways and doors. They actually went through a classroom to get to the lab. Impossible, Fred thought to herself. How did anyone get around here?

The room they walked into was a stark contrast to the office they had just come from. It was shining, and while obviously aged (the wood on the counters and drawers screamed of the early 90's late 80's), everything was immaculate, and much of the equipment looked new.

He looked at her sheepishly was if he was worried she was going to judge his lab. She almost wanted to laugh. Almost.

They sat down, and before she knew it, she was spilling her heart out to this strange man. As she explained what had been going on, how her sleep had changed, how it had started with the strange sleeping dreams and had turned into one continuous other life that had entirely replaced her sleep, so even though time passed here and, she assumed, her body wasn't moving, it never felt like she got any sleep at all.

'I've been hallucinating,' she said. 'I'm worried it's going to get worse.'

He seemed interested. More intersted in what went on in her dreams than any affects on this side of reality. At first his eyes had had the same slightly distracted look they had had since he had seen her, but as she talked they got more focused, didn't leave her face anymore. His eyes slightly closed, his lips closed, pursed into a focused frown.

'If I find that this is a joke, I will not take kindly to it,' he said, watching her carefully. 'I want you to think about that before you continue.'

Was this a threat? She was worried that she had made a mistake in coming here.

'My whole life,' he muttered to himself. 'My whole life has been, this moment, this, everything has led to here.'

I must be hallucinating, thought Fred to herself. This was a mistake, this man can't help me. She was about to stand up and excuse herself when he turned around and pointed at her with a pen he had picked up from somewhere.

'I believe you,' he said. 'I've long had a hypothesis that- oh, it doesn't matter now, I won't- but it will need tests, I need tests,' he was stumbling over his words, starting a new sentence before finishing the last one.

'Will you stay here tonight, and allow me to perform tests on you.' How frightening, what a sentence, she thought, and her face must have reflected it, because he quickly retracted what he had said. 'No, no no no, nothing like that.' He laughed, and she wasn't sure if he was laughing at her or not. 'There won't be anything invasive. I'm just going to set up some machines that will measure things as you sleep.' She didn't drop her guard. 'Like your breathing, for example.'

'And this will help? This will find what's wrong?'

'Help?' he asked surprised, and then looked at her as if remembering she was there. 'Oh, of course, standard problem finding procedure. But you do know that I'm not a medical doctor, right? Only a scientific one. I can't, for example, prescribe you anything.'

'I just want to know what's wrong with me.'

'You keep using that word, wrong. There's nothing wrong with you, possibly. Possibly there's something very very interesting. But we can't know yet, we can't make assumption,' he trailed off at the end of the sentence, and glanced up at the clock at the wall, before shaking his head and patting his pockets for his phone, discovering it and pulling it out of the pocket by his chest. 'Damn thing's been broken for years,' he explained.





















//////////////////////////////////// New Chapter - In which Lisa rents out her apartment and gets on a plane to go visit (/ save, or at least those are her intentions) Fred

The listing was up, and the new tenant was in. Lisa had washed her bedsheets, something she hadn't done in about a month and a half, washed her kitchen until it was spotless, and handed over her keys to the newest airbnb tenant who had decided to come live in her apartment and take her life for about four months. Of course, she wasn't actually taking her life, she had some new job at a hospital and hadn't been able to find a place to rent a normal way. It was temporary so she had no desire to sign some lease. But in Lisa's mind she was picking everything up right where she was placing it down.

Lisa's plane was out of JFK. She hated going out to JFK. But it was cheap, and closer than Newark. She'd just have to deal with the hour of two of dirt on the way. She thought about how ridiculous that was. She was on a subway with most of her earthly belongings with only the vaguest idea of what she was doing, why she was going to Austin, what she would do when she got there. And she was worried about the fact that the airport she was going to be going to actually looked kind of gross.

She got off the subway and hailed a cab, hauling her too big suitcase into the back. Why had she brought so many things, what did she need all of those things for? Was she worried a subletter was going to steal her shoes? What a joke.

Lisa wondered why she was being so negative.

It was possible that it was partially the stress from giving up her job. Her job, that had become such an integral part of her personality over the years, which had given her more money than she had at first known what to do with. Something to fill her time and give her friends and make her feel important. Something to keep her busy. She didn't have that anymore, and her mind was grappling, trying to find things to focus on, to hold on to.

She got to the airport, went through security, bought herself a latte (she wasn't ready to give up those quite yet, maybe in six months when she was really running low on funds), and settled into the gate, leaving her to ponder what she was going to find in Austin when she got off the plane.








//////////////////////////////// New Chapter - In which they find out about the seals connecting the two worlds, and how the balance between them has gotten disrupted (the man from above, Brian, is learning about the other one by studying energy from a seal, and may have a way to use it for transportation)

















//////////////////////////////// New Chapter - Those people in the cave again

The group of them, still wearing their masks, filled the dark cave. They were still shuffling in. It was strange, seeing them in their robes and masks, talking about what had gone on that day, how each other's kids were. That would of course stop as soon as that man in mask walked in, but for now they could relax, talk about the worries of their day to day. Of course they all knew each other, went through the same circles. The only thing that kept this society any sort of secret was the great wealth and walls that surrounded them, the silence of their tongueless handlers.

The table in the middle of the room was blank, the water still.

Three figures walked in from the darkness of the cave, and silence blanketed the crowd.

They stood around the table, the small crowd that had gathered pushed against each other to get out of their way as quickly as possible, to avoid touching them. All three wore masks in the shape of skulls, and had long gray hair, as brittle as thin straw, in great piles around their heads. Their skin, that of it could be seen under the sleeves of their clock, under the chin of their masks, was whiter than snow.

The man with the melted candle mask came in from behind them, sweeping through the crowd to take his place on the seat of the throne. He sat down this time, and held his head in his hands.

He didn't have to say anything. The entire room knew that he was disappointed, and that that disappointment meant danger for all of them.

'We know where she is,' started one of the people who had gathered. He gestured, and one of the figures in the skull mask put a hand on the speaker.

'Do not say another word, any of you,' his voice filled the cave. 'I am gravely, disappointed. The girl is in the posession of another.'

A specter in the crowd raised their hand. He sighed, and said 'yes, you may speak.'

'Our spies have the girls' whereabouts, and we know where she's going, and who has her,' the speaker promised. 'We havent moved yet for fear of drawing attention. She's with one of the strongest assassins in the world, we'd, we'd want to send an army in.'

'That's ridiculous, what are you even saying'

'She's going to an encampment in the south. It's the southern lords, the ones who control the crops. they must have learned about her and put their funds together to hire this man.'

'And how is it?' the man in the mask asked, 'that they were able to get to her first?'

'We don't that, my lord.'

'Well you had best find out. I want this dealt with.' His head fell deeper into his hands. 'I feel quite distraught over this whole situation. I except it fixed by sunup tomorrow. You may all leave.'

The crowd paused for a moment, unsure, and then one of the skulls hissed, and they scrambled out of the room, nearly falling over each other in their haste.

The four figures stood silently still in the now quiet cave, the only sound the water on the blank table, splashing back and forth, back and forth.




////////////////////////////////////////////

Fred's email - to her mom before she leaves Austin

////////////////////////////////////////////

Hi Mom,

I'm doing great. Glad to hear that you're doing well. That picture of Bella that you sent me was really cute.

I've actually hit a bit of a detour (I know, another one, can you believe it!) on my way over to California. I've been in Austin, at the University of Texas. I'm participating in a pretty important research study. Something to do with sleep. You know how I've always had problems with insomina.

Anyway, I'm still making my way west, and I can't wait to see you soon. I miss you.

Love,

Fred








//////////////////////////////// New Chapter - The seal's in the bottom of the grand canyon probably



Despite the urgency, she found herself closing her eyelids more and more each time. The car swayed back and forth into the wind. Headlights from miles away could sometimes be seen, shining like lighthouses or lost souls. The next thing she knew, Max was gently shaking her awake. "We're here," spoken like a prayer. The faith he has in this is nearly religious, although after he had seen the first seal, the game had changed.

Aladia could be in danger. Brian pulled up behind them, meeting in the camp ground that they had agreed to meet up in. It was bustling with early campers, people going on vacations after college, or before school got out for good. Getting in on the early warmth of the season.

They parked their cars next to each other on the campground, and sat around to regroup. Brian took out some food and a tent. Lisa and Fred stared at him. 'It's too late to hike down today,' he explained. It'll be dark in a few hours. We'll head down first thing tomorrow.'

Max and Fred went to go search for wood, which they figured must be available somewhere, this was a tourist campground after all, as Lisa and Brian stayed to set up camp.

'Do you think this will work. Do you think we'll actually be able to go through?' Lisa asked as she stabbed a stake into the ground.

'I think so. All the data points to it being here, I've known that for some time. But whether or not it will act as a portal the way we expect, well, that's all theoretical.' He smiled sheepishly. 'It's a long way to walk to find out.'

'Does anyone know that we're here.'

'No, not really. I haven't told any of you the extent of secrecy I've had, doing this. I have a kind of umbrella research on radio and cell phone wave's effect on brain waves to cover up what I'm doing. I mean, not cover up. But just to you know, get funding and equipment and stuff.' He laughed again, gesturing wildly, he often talks with his hands, Lisa noticed, watching him tell his story, avoiding eye contact for more than a second at a time. He wasn't really able to keep her eye, kept flitting around, looking at the trees, at the other campers, at the cars, turning for a sound in the trees. He was thin, Lisa noticed. And very very pale. He had a thick head of hair that was receding a bit in the front. 'you'd think there would be more interest in funding projects studying other worlds, other forms on energy. I mean, regardless of how realistic it seems to people, it's so interesting.'

The way he said the word interesting, it was as if nothing else mattered. As if the pure marvel of this maybe existing should be enough for anyone to throw everything away, to dedicating their lives to learning just a little bit more.

'Your friend is a marvel,' he said excitedly. 'When I studied her -'

'You studied her?' Lisa asked, prepared to be disturbed.

He laughed heartily. 'I didn't probe her or anything, if that's what you're thinking. I just watched her sleep, read some charts, set up some equipment. We wouldn't be able to do any of this without her. She's a conduit, between the worlds. She's the only reason any of us are going to be able to get through.'

'Do you know why?'

'Why? Why she's able to travel to another world while she sleeps, why she's able to ride onto another being's energy? No, it seems insane to me. I had no idea it was possible, it's more than I ever could have dreamed.' His eyes were dreamy. This is a dream come true for him, Lisa realized. Fred isn't anything more than an amazing science trick, this adventure is nothing more than a weird research wet dream. That's not fair, she told herself. You don't know this man.

Max and Fred came back with a few twigs they had found around the campground. They said that they might drive into town and buy more. Fred also had some old newspapers that she had found in a visitors center. They decided that that would be enough to get started, and Max drove into town to get some more. Fred was too tired.

Her exaustion had gotten so much worse than that impossible drive to Austin. Every single moment she was up it felt like someone had taped gauze or felt around her brain. People talked to her and she felt like she was listening to them from under water. Images blurred together, and she had long since stopped being able to trust her memory. What had happened today, yesterday? Everything since Alabama had flowed together, mixing together. She imagined her memory as someone's strange baking experiment, taking the ingridients of her memories and mixing it up and baking it and freezing it to see what happened. To see what her brain sluice tasted like.

Stop, she told herself no one's feeding of your brain. She was so grateful when Brian had grabbed her shoulders and looked at her with wonder. 'How did you know, who are you?' he had asked, his voice airy with disbelief. For a while he had thought that she was a joke, that someone was playing a trick on him. But after she had described what was happening to her to him, after he had watched her sleep, those days and nights in the lab, he had not only believed her, but asked her what she needed. He had taken over the adventure. And she was able to lapse into passive mode, following others, making through the day so she could lay down and close her eyes and wake up and live another day. It was exausting, but she had grown used to it. Now that other people had taken over she as able to lapse into survival mode, focusing on putting one foot in front of the other to make it through her day.

And when Lisa had gotten there, she was able to retreat even further. Now, she rarely talked except to answer questions that Lisa couldn't answer for her. And it took everything she had to be able to even do that.

Max came back from town and they started a real fire and cooked some hot dogs and marshmallows on sticks, sitting around laughing. Max had picked up a sierra nevada six pack in the gas station, and him and Lisa drank while passing the time, throwing things into the fire to watch them burn. Fred had quietly eaten a hot dog, and then excused herself to go into the tent and go to sleep. Max and Lisa exchanged glances, wondering just how worried to be about their friend, but Brian grinned on in excitement, as if hearing that Fred was going to bed was the most exciting thing he had heard all week.

After she went to sleep, the rest of them stayed up, discussing their plans tomorrow. Lisa had never seen the grand canyon before, max was telling a story about a time he had gone on a trip down to the bottom and had started way too late, and how they had needed helmets and how they taped flash lights to the top of them to show the way. He exaggerated, making it sound like they had only just survived. Lisa scoffed.

'You said you were with your roommate, isn't he like some kind of moutain man.'

Max laughed, head back. His hair had grown long since Fred and Lisa had seen him last, his curls meeting down his neck, nearly at his shoulders.

Brian told a story about how he had gone white water rafting into grand canyon, a trip that had lasted four weeks in the wilderness. They had eaten fish that they had caught from the river. The two of them had stared at him in disbelief, and he smiled sheepishly, looking down. 'I had a life before all this, you know.' Lisa was filled with a desire to learn more about this man in front of her, with a deep curiosity about his life.

Eventually they went to sleep, the tent big enough to hold them all, as big as a room. A small house, Lisa thought as she stared at the top. Fred didn't stir next to her, it almost seemed like she wasn't breathing.







The next day, they packed up and drove over to the actual canyon. Brian was focused on getting to the exact spot, so focused that when Lisa gasped and said 'pull over, pull over now,' he nearly crashed into one of the trees at the side of the road.

But no, nothing was wrong. She lept out of the car and ran to the edge of the canyon. The beautiful, beautiful canyon. She looked out onto the rows and rows of peaks and layers and beautiful orange rocks. It went on forever and ever, she couldn't see the end, or the bottom. A kingdom of rock. She looked down at the trees growing almost horizontal below her. I could climb down, she though, breathless. How absolutely beautiful.

Behind Brian, Max and Fred parked, and Max walked up behind Lisa. 'It never gets old,' he whispered breathlessly.

Fred walked up behind them, and put her head on Max's shoulder. 'I've never been here before.'

'How was last night?' asked Lisa.

'Aladia, I mean, the girl, from the other side. She's in danger. And she's too damn headstrong to help herself.'

Lisa looked at her, really looked at her. She looked terrible. Her eyes were puffy and purple, her skin looked pale. Her veins showed through under the top of her skin, blue and soft and spidery under the powder of her skin. Lisa was so scared for her. She was back in college with Fred rocking back and forth inside her dorm room. With Fred not eating for days at a time.

When they got back into their respective cars, she asked Brian, 'will this fix her? When we get over to the other side. She'll be able to sleep.'

'That's the idea,' he replied, avoiding eye contact even more than usual, to the point of looking left away from her, and slightly off the road in front of him.

'You don't know.' it wasn't a question.

'No. I do not. I can not know, nothing like this has ever been done before. I never thought I would see it in my life time. I never thought something like her could exist.'

Lisa started to talk, and then with more confidence he kept going. 'But, it makes sense. She's using that girl as a container when she travels over there. The girl's her host, sort of. Once we're over there, I don't think she'll even be able to use her in that way anymore. It requires the energy from her passing over every night.'

'Do you know why it only happens when she's asleep, why it won't let her sleep?'

'She should be able to access it any time. I just don't think she has that sort of control over it. Yet, anyway.'

'Oh, alright.' They traveled in silence for a while, Lisa staring out the window, watching the impossible peaks and walls of the grand canyon appear in and out of the trees.


Brian would stop sometimes, to check the maps that were sprawled across the back, comparing them with notebooks full of numbers and scrawl that Lisa couldn't begin to understand.

Eventually they switched, and she took over driving while Brian gave directions. A little further here, there. Okay, stop.

It was nearly too late in the day to get started, the sun was already up and warming the air around them. Lisa checked the time on her phone, it was ten in the morning. No service. She hoped no one was looking for her. She hoped she could remember that it didn't matter.

The two of them parked their cars, driving them off road into the woods and covering them with tree branches that had fallen onto the ground.

'We can't know when we'll be back,' Brian had said, and it made sense. The amount of planning that had gone into this trip for him, Lisa couldn't believe. She wondered, it the three of them, or if Fred hadn't shown up on the steps outside his classroom, when would he have gone? They put their bags together, camping equipment and provisions, water bottles and food for a few days. And they started down a path. Fred had the lightest pack, it was a marvel she was even able to do this hike. Lisa kept an eye on her, making sure that she wasn't about to go careening into the canyon off the path. One of sixteen deaths in the grand canyon this year. It would be a problem for the park rangers to deal with in the morning. And it would certainly cut their trip short. I guess I'd have to find something else to do with all this job less time, Lisa thought to herself, chuckling. You're being ridiculous.

As they walked, the sense of urgency that had filled the energy on the drive and in the planning dissipated. They were so close, if anything there was a sense to hold back, to wait longer until putting themselves in the danger they were going to. And if they were putting themselves in danger, if they weren't going to survive this, didn't it make sense to enjoy how utterly beautiful this scene was. How incredible it was that the trees kept changing, that the rocks, each rock, was the most beautiful thing they had ever seen. That at points the walls of the canyon stretched up so far that they couldn't see the top, and other times they looked out at the patterned walls and saw them stretch forever. Fred looked up once, and said 'it's like the land before Narnia.'

Brian looked at her. He was always very interested when she spoke. Sometimes Lisa saw him writing notes afterwards. 'What do you mean?' he asked.

'Where the white witch came from,' she said. 'The giant red city. The one with the dying sun.' Fred looked up, and the sun covered her face. She didn't close her eyes, and tears appeared in the corners and rolled onto her cheeks.
'Now we just have to find the enchanted wood.'


They kept going until they got to the bottom, which they did in the day, despite Lisa's decision that they stop every few miles to look at some new particularly exciting thing. 'The trees are different here, look! Can you believe it,' she'd say, placing her hand on these new trees as though they had come from another planet.

As they got down it was colder and colder, Lisa found herself thinking that she wished she had brought a jacket. But it also got more and more green, the soil changing from the arid orange dust above to mud, real mud, squishing under her feat. 'this soil is so healthy,' she said like she knew a thing about soil.

Eventually they got to the bottom, in a part with an offshoot of the river, with giant rocks sticking out of the earth. By now it was getting dark. Brian pulled out his maps and compass, checking them in the dying light, and shook his head. 'We'll have to make camp, this is going to take some time.'

They set up camp in the soft green earth at the bottom of the world. When they were done, they looked around and found Fred asleep, propped up against one of the great trees rising into the walls of the canyon. She looked so small, curled up against it, laying against the moss.




The writer meta-lly wrote down a to-do list. Fred looked on, annoyed that her story had been interrupted. The author smiled, bemused, since neither one knew where the fuck Fred was in such a rush to go.

todo girl scouts
-send expenses email

-email notes from allie
-turn buttons into trefoils
-turn video presentation into ppt with correct font
-add patch request form to last page

-colleen (non-gs) changes

Fred glanced up at the writer, clearly sad that she was entirely unable to separate even this clear escapism fantasy with her real life. What are you doing? She smirked at her. Can we continue with the important things now? The future of the world is in the balance here.

But come on, why do you have to continue. I'm so fucking sick of things going in a straight line. I'm so fucking tired of it. Why are things continuing? Fred sat in one place and time didn't move and she didn't move and I just write ten thousand fucking words about that and the dust motes circling her head and the cracks in the rocks through the cliffs and she didn't fucking get there, she appeared there, because in this story there is no plot or character or time. Because all those things can fuck right off in my real life too.

Fred wouldn't deal with this. We can be weary, but these things are important. People we care about, at least people I care about, could be hurt. Come on, we should keep going. Pack your things.

I'm heading to bed now, but you're right. I'll keep going in the morning. We'll save everyone. Or you won't, or you'll fail, I haven't decided yet. But I guess we'll see.


Fred was thinking about a time that M and her had gone out to Jersey and gotten soup dumplings. Fred's friend from high school happened to be living out there at the time, and they met up, and had container after container of delicious slightly too hot soup dumplings. Why was she thinking about that now? God, when would a day pass where Fred didn't miss her, didn't find herself drifting back to times, good and bad, with her and thinking about her. No memory was safe.

Even memories of times she didn't really remember were safe. Once her and M had gone to a fair on the beach. Fred didn't even remember it. She remembered the fireworks afterwards, and how incredible they were, how unexpected. Not metaphorical fireworks (although damnit did they have those too, at least back then), but real ones, bursting above the ocean in the twilight.
But the actual time at the fair, going on rides, buying deep fried oreos, she didn't really remember any of that. She just had a few disposable photos that she had taken of that day, and those had implanted fake memories in her brain that were just as painful to remember as the minefield of real ones.






How would Fred survive a zombie apocalyse - a short story. (is fred even the main character anymore?) jk - how aladia, fred and lisa (all the current main characters, hopefully at some point we'll have more), would survive a zombie apocalypse.


/////////////////////////
New Chapter - The crew is at fortress Malark for some reason
/////////////////////////

They got their just as the sun was setting. The stones in the distance, looking smaller and more run down than both Aladia and Fred remembered.

As they had traveled around this land, Fred had been getting more and more of her memory from this time back. Her time spent with Aladia. Some of it she wasn't sure whether or not it was real, but other times she knew. She remembered some of the farmers and their children, the ones she had played with. She remembered the dogs. She remembered Lo and the library and Peter and Marie. She remembered the kitchens and passageways.

They approached the castle with trepidation, none of them knew what to expect.

Why had she been told to come here? Aladia thought. Maybe she had understood wrong, when the woman under the hill had told her to go home. Maybe she had meant something else. She thought that she was going to feel some sense of right ness, some sense that she had followed instructions and the universe was all coming together when she saw home. Some part of her thought she was going to step through the gate and reappear in her old body and everything would be back to normal. But seeing it now, she saw that none of that was the case. That it was possible she had gotten the instruction wrong, and they had all traveled all this way for no reason at all.

But it was still worth checking out. And it still filled her heart with warmth to see her home again.













/////////////////////////
New Chapter - The city from under the sea
/////////////////////////

The six of them, Aladia, Fred, Brian, Maxwell, Lo and Lisa walked under the archway made of black rocks. They had spent the night camping out on the rocky shore, curled up in blankets, alternately keeping watch.

Lisa had fallen asleep on her watch, and had woken up to Fred silently standing in her place. She was both embarrassed and grateful, thank goodness nothing had happened, no one else had seen her.

That morning they had sat around in a cirle, they were scared to make a fire, and ate the leftover cold meal and jerkey that they had remaining. No one said a word, the gaity and general comradeship that had been so present at the start of their adventure felt sucked dry, emptied out from the danger surrounding them. The enormous black castle stood behind them, it was impossible to tell how far away it is from this distance. It was like a mountain, like an ocean. How could something be so large and stand so long, and have been created by humans?

"Now," Brian said, looking at them all alternately around the circle. "As I've told you, this whole land is supposed to be abandoned. No one's lived here for hundreds, if not thousands of years."

They sat quietly listening to him talk. Aladia made a moutain out of the sharp black pebbles around her feet.

"But," he continued, "We can't be sure of anything. We know about this place, and the seal here, so it only stands to reason that others do as well. They might be here to help us, they might be here to kill us. There's no way to know. So be quiet. Don't be a target." He looked like he was thinking about saying more, but then thought better of it. "Let's pack up," he said, his voice low. His voice sad.


They left to walk towards the ruins. Aladia and Fred had a strange flashback, walking closer, to the place where they had been kept prisoner, a time that felt so long ago. They experienced it differently though, Aladia remembering the grand hall as she saw the city of stone, most of it dispersed along the ground. Fred, she remembered the mad dash that that dude who captured them had gone, moving with such speed and joltiness, grabbing her when she hadn't been moving fast enough. She remembered how scared he had been. It was that fear that came with her as she walked closer and closer. She felt Aladia rub her on the shoulder. Even though they weren't actually in each others heads anymore, they still shared this strange emotional closeness, and could often tell what the other one was thinking. They still would sometimes wake up to the same nightmare, but whether or not that was from emotional connection or shared trauma it was hard to tell.


We learned about this place, Lo said to Aladia.



---------------------- Chapter X - Fred Finally Makes it Home


Fred drove in to her mom's Palo Alto driveway. The day was quiet and serene. The street was mostly empty, everyone was probably at work. She saw one mom pushing a stroller, one man running by with his dog, but the rest of the drive went by without seeing a soul.

The driveway was lined with trees, the trees covered in pink blossoms. Wind swept the fallen leaves and flowers around the sidewalk. The sun beat down warmly, the promise of summer in its glow.

Fred tried to remember the call she had had with her mom, was it months ago now, telling her to come here, telling her she knew she was down about losing her job. It had been so much more of a journey than she expected.

She stepped out of the car and breathed in deeply, the smell of pollen filled her nostrils. There was always a weird tree flower here that smelled kind of like pussy, which had always made them laugh back in high school. She smelled it now, sweet and heavy on the soft wind currents.

She leaned against the car for a bit, smelling the too sweet air, feeling the sun hit her face. She wondered if she was going to see any of her high school friends during this trip. Quite a few of them still lived here, either staying down here with their families or moving north to San Fransisco. Why leave? Many of them had asked, when she had made the decision to go to New York. She hadn't had an answer then, just the knowledge that she wanted to live somewhere with more people, all sorts of different people, somewhere without the expectations she constantly fell short of. Somewhere where she didn't know a soul.

She took another deep breath. Just like yoga, in through your nose, out through your mouth. Or was it the other way? Fred had never been very good at yoga. She steeled herself, walked over to the front door of the sprawling two story house, just stopping before it brushed its neighbors on either side, and knocked.

A woman answered the door, beaming. Her brown hair was ironed straight, hanging just down to her shoulders. She wore thick black glasses that turned up at the sides, bright blue eyes shining behind them. Her earring hung dangling and gold, jingling softly when she moved. She wore a red kimono over a white collared shirt and gray checked slacks (must be getting ready before she goes out again tonight).

'Better late than never,' she said, leaning against the door. 'You finally came. I've missed you so much.'

'Hi mom,' Fred said, and she was hugged, and after a split second, hugged her back. Her arms felt thin around her back.

'Welcome home,' she said into Fred's hair.

Her dog, Bella, came around the corner, wagging her tail wildly. She must have been sleeping, the ridicuous thing. Bella was forever small with too big ears, often mistaken for a puppy, in part because of her boundless enthusiasm. She came over and licked Fred's shoes, while shaking from excitement, her nub of a nail moving back and forth so enthusiastically that her whole butt was bobbing. For a moment, coming home, Fred forgot how tired she was from this trip. Was able to forget how much had happened in between.

"I've missed you," Fred said to both of them, and she saw tears fill the bottom of her mom's eyes.

The rest of the day passed quickly. Her mom made dinner, Fred helped in the kitchen, cutting vegetables and mixing things together to make soup. Her mom had just baked bread, and big slices of it were cut off and made into sandwiches. It felt relaxing and nice and deeply normal to do something, focus on something, as normal and important as creating and consuming food. When was the last time she had eaten anything? She couldn't remember.

Sometimes her mind drifted, wondering what Aladia could be up to, but for the most part, she put it out of her mind. Whatever had disconnected them, it didn't matter anymore. She had spent most of her adult life alone, searching for someone or something else to fill in whatever she was missing, and now that she knew why, she was confident that she'd be able to grow and become something on her own.

She just wished that this heavy feeling would leave her heart. That this exaustion would empty from her head.

That night she slept for fifteen hours. No one woke her. She didn't dream. When she woke up to the sun coming in persistantly through the window of her childhood room (now converted into a guest room, bearing little to no resemblance to the place she had grown up, even the wall color was new), she was the only one in the house. Even Bella was out, taken to her daily doggy day care group.

She threw on sweats from the closet in her old room that still had a few of her clothes hanging up (she hadn't unpacked her suitcase and had no intention of opening it right now, it was a tast that required more energy than she was willing to put in at the moment) walked downstairs and turned on the tv. She had no idea when the last time she had watched tv was. She hadn't had one in her apartment in New York, and she certainly hadn't been watching television on the road.

It took her a little while to figure out how to turn her mom's tv on. There were three different remotes, it was almost enough to make her give up right then. She couldn't believe how low energy she was. But, then again, this trip had been exausting, the defeat at the end crushing.

Because that's what it was, she saw as she struggled and failed to do something as simple as work her mother's television. She had failed. There was no other way to put it. She had failed, and for all she know, Aladia could be dead.

She put her head in her hands and sobbed into the couch, for a long time, and laid there staring up at the ceiling once the heavy sobs ended, not moving except to rub the snot from her nose onto the arm of her high school sweatshirt from berkley, which she had bought at a summer program nearly a decade ago.

She finally got the tv working, and couldn't even decide what to watch once she found the guide. There were hundreds, possibly thousands of channels. What was her mom doing with this much tv.

She flipped to some reality show about people living together in a house. She couldn't tell if it was a dating show or not. She switched it to Futurama, but it was an episode she had seen too many times, and it couldn't hold her attention. Finally, she switched to CNN. There were reports of terror strikes in Europe. Paris was still reeling from the terror attacks seven months ago. ISIS was gathering, had hit in Mali. There was a travel warning in effect that had been extended. Be afraid, it seemed to tell her. The world is scary, you need to be scared. You don't know the half of it, she wanted to respond.

She almost turned it back off (why had she turned it back on in the first place, what did she hope to get out of this. Distraction? Every moment of it only made her more tired, made the sadness feel more cemented in her heart), when a breaking news graphic flashed across the screen.

A reporter, a woman with blonde hair looking reporter level perfect, stared directly at the screen, and informed Fred and anyone else watching that they were all going to die.

"There have been reports of tsunamis in the south," the woman said in her flat (also reporter level perfect) voice, her hair about an inch above her skull, an impressive amount of body in that hair. Her cheekbones looked phenomenal. Would these be the things Fred remembered as she died? Of course, the woman hadn't said that yet, but Fred had known this was coming. She had known since that last second as Aladia, seeing the water rush around her, in front of her. Feeling the chill deep in her bones. She could still feel it. She stared blankly ahead, knowing with every word that this was her fault.

A map appeared behind the woman's head. The eastern coast of South America was covered in red. Mexico and Florida were also given hues of slightly darker red. Fred thought that it made the map look like it was bleeding.

She realized that she hadn't heard what the woman was saying for a few minutes, and focused back in.

"We're still getting word from the rest of the world. Phone lines are down in some parts, but we'll be keeping you updated." She paused, her eyes reading the prompt in front of her, her mouth drawn into a line. "Stay inside," she read. "Do not drive anywhere, do not panic."

She said some other things about where to find your local weather and safety information, but it didn't matter. Fred knew that there was nothing that could be done. A prophecy was a prophecy, after all.

If there was going to be a flood, there wasn't a damn thing she was going to do about it. Trying had only made her tired, only made her sad.

She followed the woman's instructions, and stayed exactly where she was. Her phone was dead upstairs, anyone trying to contact her was too late anyway.



She spent the next week without turning her phone on. Her mom stopped going to work. Not at first, her job would never see an impending apocalypse as a sign to take off or cancel work. In fact, they would never be the types to believe in an impending apocalypse. Too optomistic out here, too sure that there's nothing in the whole world out of their control.

But a few days in, even they had to admit that they were seeing the end of days. All of California had been wrecked by earthquakes for days. Things hadn't been so bad up here, but the death count in southern california was reaching into the tens of thousands, and promised to grow much higher in the coming weeks. The beaches were catastrophic, wiping out entire towns as waves came out of nowhere and then receded back into the ocean.

They were encouraged to leave California. It was worse here, than other places,a they said on the news. Grim faced men and women, covered in makeup, delivering the daily apocalypse update. It was going to disappear into the ocean in a matter of weeks. Leave. Evacuate.

They didn't. Fred knew that it wouldn't be much better anywhere else, that the end was the end. They were packed, and might drive up to Canada, where things were a bit better, but the roads were so congested right now it didn't matter a bit. They wouldn't get anywhere, and probably die of dehydration on the road while they sat there.

It was nice though. They hadn't run out of food yet, her mom always had way too much food for one person to possibly ever consume anyway. She was a bit of a hoarder in that way. Well, it was paying off and keeping them alive now.

Remarkably, the Whole Foods down by downtown was still open. They had formed a sort of army, stopping any mob in its tracks. They'd created a system to give out food so everyone would be able to have a fair share. It wasn't perfect, but it was better than the alternative. The CVS has been pillaged dry, and then partially burned down after a scuffle somehow involving fire.

It was nice, to spend time with her mom and dog. Fred read, covered in blankets. Her and her mom went on walks and talked about their lives. The intensity and judgement Fred had been so dreading were tempered by the end of days surrounding them.

She taught Bella a new trick, to give a high five instead of just shake your hand. She got it about half the time, but Fred gave her treats anyway.

This went on for about a week and a half before there was a knock at her door.

















